Day 1
Tempest club
Event focus: Regret a recent action
You step into the club Tempest. Air is pulsing with music, the smell of sweat, perfume and a lot more. The Lights are strobing, causing a headache.
Why are you here? To forget, to dissolve in the sea of human emotion and flesh. Maybe you find someone to forget the recent events with, maybe not. The most important thing - is to get fucked up and dull this feeling.
Location: entrance business
Kind of danger: trap
Activity - looking for answers
The memory is mostly a blur - your brain is hard at work to protect your sanity. You were looking for answers at the place of the incident. It was just outside the office building you were pointed towards. But you were too late.
The vision of it is so awful it physically hurts to remember - the viscera on the walls, the smell of blood. And most of all - the malice of the attack.
This was not human. At all.
Suddenly you are brought back to reality by the bartender. You it seems like you were sitting at the bar for quite a while.
"You gonna order man? I called you several times, you alright?"
"Yeah, sorry. Just give me some whiskey, okay?"
Bartender does as he was told and puts a drink in front of you. Thank god for small miracles.
With a drink in hand you scan the dance floor.
Description: foggy\lost, ancient\old
Sound: Warning, loud
The club is located in an old industrial building, the fog machines are hard at work and most of the place is covered in fog. The music is deafening: you feel the pulse in your insides.
Am I getting drunk?
Exceptional yes
You turn back to the bar and start drinking. One, two, three - you definitely decided to drown your brain in alcohol today.
Does anyone come to talk to me?
No
Does anything violent happen at the bar?
No
After a while you are plastered - your tongue doesn't obey you, the brain is empty. That's what you like to feel.
You try to actually tell people what you have seen today: the carnage, the blood, the smell of it all. Most of the people you are trying to talk to are interested at the beginning but your description makes them sick the more you get into it.
Except for one person.
Appearance: Sinister Bald
Personality: Foolish Curious
Description 1: Multiple, Professional
Description 2: Brave, Harmful
You tried to talk to a group of people. At first they thought you are recapping some show or a movie but they quickly realized the details are too hardcore. One of the people from the group is listening to you intently. It's kind of strange considering the loudness of music and the distance between you - what can he hear?
The man comes up to you and motions to somewhere you might have an easier time talking. At this point you really don't care about it being a trap or something in that field. You are upset, your throat is sore and you need another drink.
"My name is Sam"
"Peter"
"My man, you really need to lay of the stuff you're on, you are talking nonsense"
"Why are you telling me this? Fuck off"
"You are gonna get hurt if you are not careful, especially telling people about gristly murders and what not"
You feel chill run down your spine, this person knows something
Roll wits + awareness
no successes
You suspect something, but you can't tell if it's true or not - you're too drunk
"What the fuck do you mean, who are you?"
"Oh, you will learn soon. Call me tomorrow and we can talk properly about this"
"You've been following me?"
"Kind of. My boss became interested in you after your little business with a particular entity a month ago"
So, that's what it is. You finally caught some attention.
"Ugh, I'll think about it"
"Don't think too long. You have an opportunity to finally do something meaningful than hunting some poltergeists"
You take a card, the name reads
"Sam Thorne, researcher, Inner Data"
Below is his phone number.
"Yeah, man, whatever. I said I'll think about it. Actually while we're here, do you mind answering a couple of questions?"
"I told you, we can talk tomorrow. Have a little patience."
"Dude, just two questions. It's not going to kill you."
Roll charisma + persuasion
1 success
"Tomorrow"
He turns around and goes for the exit. You're trying to stop him - maybe to ask for answers again, maybe to continue talking to one person who actually listened to you.
Roll wits + awareness
4 successes
You try to stop him but the sea of human bodies already made it impossible to reach him. Still, you have a number to reach him - that's a start.
Do I have a gig today?
Yes, absolutely
Did I forget about it?
Can't tell
Suddenly your phone buzzes. It's Sarah.
"Where the fuck are you? The gig starts in an hour and we have to do a check"
Then the second message comes
"Did you forget again?"
Life is hard as it is. The life of a person who moonlights as a Hunter is a fucking pain in the ass with the headache on top.
"I'll be there, just ask Thomas to check my guitar. Please."
"This is the last time, I swear"
Yeah, you definitely have some apologizing to do. At the same time, you still feel the sheer terror of today crawling on your back like a disgusting spider. Maybe beating the hell out of strings and screaming your head out will help get over it, who knows.

You arrive at the venue 30 minutes later. The public began to gather and you can hear the positive buzz all around. The crowd is decisively punk: a lot of brightly coloured hair, a lot of leather, band t-shirts and alcohol.
Speaking about alcohol: you're still drunk. It's a miracle that you didn't have a chance to try something more enlightening than alcohol. But hey, the night is still young.
You make your way backstage. The guard greets you, asks you if you're okay. You didn't have a chance to assess how you look but judging by this conversation you look like shit.
Well, here's that.
And there's a force of nature that Sarah Willson is. She is a petite girl in her late 20's. Her facial features are somewhat masculine but by all metrics you can describe her as attractive. She has a neon pink coloured buzz cut, a black dress and work boots.
Her face changes instantly when she notices you: first you see the anger boiling but it must be your face or something in you today that makes her not to take your head off. Unless for now.
"What the hell happened to you?"
Her face displays concern now. That's the last thing you want - you'd rather deal with furious Sarah than with this pity party.
"Are you drunk? What the fuck Peter"
Now we're talking, the short temper of hers starting to go off again.
"Listen, can we get through the show today? I'll tell you afterwards."
She clenches her fists and then gives up.
"Fine, whatever. Go talk to Thomas, he has your stuff"
And with that you go deeper into the backstage to find your bass player. You find him in the green room, smoking a cigarette and looking at his phone.
"Sir, you are not allowed to smoke here"
"Fuck you Peter"
Thomas turns to you with a hint of a smile on his face.
You went to school together, then to college and somehow decided to form a band. Aggravated Damage is a successful band, in some circles. Your proclivities for noise rock, post-punk and gothic stuff bonded all three of you together and made you talk of Detroit's underground scene. Still, with some of your hobbies you find it harder and harder to commit to music and to the band.
You found a new cause that made other facets of life trivial. You thought music was important, activism was important. The moment you discovered the whole other world and what it entails, other responsibilities fell to the wayside.
"For the last time Peter, I'm not your guitar tech. This shit is getting old very fast. What the fuck is happening man? You are acting very weird. And I have known you since we were 10. Are you using it or what?"
Oh no. Now both of them are starting to think that you are a junkie. In all honesty, you don't mind an occasional blunt or some shrooms, but the hard stuff? Hell no.
But you being absent from the band practices and standing up Sarah and Thomas on several occasions makes you a perfect candidate for the NA meetings.
"Dude, what? You know I don't touch that shit. Do you really think that low of me?"
Roll charisma+manipulation
4 successes
"Fine, you're right, We are just worried about you, you know? Just talk to us if you're in some kind of trouble, okay?"
Right. I'm just gonna say: hey guys, I hunt supernatural beings at night and then watch the nurses take me to a loony bin.
"Yeah man, of course. It's just my depression acting up, you know how it is."
Thomas looks at you, as if trying to scan you. Maybe he actually is, who knows.
"Okay, sad boy. The show is about to start, your gear is plugged in. Everything is supposed to sound good tonight."
"Thanks a lot, man. I will be on time… the next time. Sorry."
He looks at you again, a little bit disappointed.
As on queue Sarah barges into the room, looks at you both and slaps you on the back. Despite her slender frame, the girl packs quite a punch.
"You ready?"
You both answer affirmatively and head out to the scene.
When you approach the scene you hear the crowd murmuring, someone laughs. Several people try to start chanting your band name and clap, but few patrons are sharing the enthusiasm.
You three huddle together as if discussing the play strategy for the football game.
"I swear to god, Peter, if you fuck up today I'll take your dick off."
"Oh good, that's some nice encouragement"
"Let's give them hell tonight"
"Hell yeah"
You hug tightly and then enter the stage. As you pick up your instruments the public looks at you with anticipation.
Three rounds and out to see how you performed tonight, DC is 3 for each round.
Roll Charisma+Performance
2 failures, 2 successes + one crit, 2 crits and two successes
The start of the set is a fucking trainwreck. You miss some notes, don't sing quite right. You didn't have the time to warm up and it shows: the alcohol in your blood and the coarse throat doesn't inspire a great performance. Sarah and Thomas are trying to save face by giving you some time to drink water and gather yourself by talking to the audience between songs. After a third song you come to your element and it all comes together: the ferocity of Sarah drumming, the excellent bass playing and you. You finally start playing guitar like it owes you money. And you scream. You scream about the injustices, the oppression, the mental distress. You release it all and the crowd goes wild. Some people stage dive, there's a moshing pit in the center of the dance floor.
In short terms: you fucking nailed it. Mostly.
The crowd wants an encore, you play a cover of one of the Minor Threat songs. The show went well.
You, Sarah and Thomas are back in the green room. You feel much better.
"Dude, please just don't drink so much before the show again. You sounded like a castrated cat at the beginning"
"Yeah, man, that was awful. Good stuff overall though, the crowd seemed to like it."
You give a sorry look to Sarah. They didn't deserve to have to pull through like they did today. You are supposed to be a unit, a team.
"Listen, guys, thank you so much for what you did today. I don't know if I can promise it won't happen again, but I will try as hard as i can"
"You better try, I meant what I said earlier. You not going to practices and not answering our calls doesn't look good. Like, at all. We are worried about you. And I don't like to feel that way man. T, have you talked to him about the hard stuff?"
Thomas, who at this time completely tuned out, was caught completely off guard.
"Yeah, we did. he said he doesn't use and I believe him"
Sarah looks at you like Tom did before - scanning you, trying to find something wrong or a small tell
"Promise me, Pete"
"I fucking promise, Sarah, I don't do this stuff"
Roll charisma+persuasion
1 success + 1 crit
Sarah looks at you, gives you another scan and then says:
"Okay, You better not be lying. If you are, I'm gonna smash your balls"
"Jesus fucking Christ, lay off my genitals just for today, okay?"
You three laugh for a moment, and cool off after the successful show. Tom asks you to come hang out after.
Sarah has to visit her mom, so she takes a raincheck.
You are completely spent so you follow her example.
You gather your equipment and part ways.
The next band practice is in two days.
You call an Uber. It doesn't take much time before a used Japanese car picks you up from the venue.
You are almost sobered up, the effect of the alcohol has passed. Unfortunately it was replaced with a mild headache - nothing you can handle but annoying nonetheless.
The driver doesn't say much. He asks if you're a musician, what music you're playing and if he heard you on the radio. You chuckle a little bit after the last question imagining the absolute chaos spilling from the car's stereo.
Some music is just made to stay in the club or in people's headphones.
You arrive at your building. The building itself is a usual deal: a little bit weathered, showing its age. It's 11 pm and most of the residents are at home or already asleep. You make your way into the lobby.
Is there something in the mailbox?
Exceptional yes
Object: Artistic Cute
Cryptic Message: Punish Messy
There's a note in the mailbox.
Roll intelligence + Investigation
2 successes
Smell: Strong, Fresh
Is there something specific in the wording of the note that stands out?
Yes
Is it a place?
Yes
Location: Mobile, Frantic
The note is written in neat handwriting on nice paper and has a strong smell of a perfume. It's hard to tell what exactly the smell is but you are almost sure that the sender is a woman.
The note reads:
"THE FIRST ONE IS PUNISHED. THERE WILL BE MORE. IT'S ON THE MOVE AND IT WANTS VENGEANCE"
On the back of the note you see the name "Between The Lines". It looks like the name of some bookshop judging by the paper and the logo on the back. It seems like it would be worth investigating.
With note in hand you call the elevator and head out to your apartment.
Your apartment is a medium-sized studio on the outskirts of downtown. It has basic furniture: ol' reliable table with a lamp on it, several bookcases full of different volumes: history, occult, some fiction, some books on medicine, art and sociology. You have a basic kitchen, and a simple bed. Your place is not by any means fancy but it's yours and that's all that matters. Especially in this economy.
You take out an opened bottle of wine and pour yourself a glass.
What exactly did you expect to find today? You rushed in with no preparations, no enchanted items and no plan. The person scattered on the ground very well might have been you. Luckily you missed the action by several minutes. You didn't have time to analyze the scene: cops were already there and it was not worth the risk trying to push past them. The fake detective id is a last resort.
For now you have your work cut out for you: Investigate the scene tomorrow, look into the bookstore and call this Sam guy and see what this corporate shenanigans are about.
You finish your wine, wash yourself and drift to sleep.


Day 2
The night terrors, you used to call them. They started when you encountered the Being. You still don't know how you escaped.
But you did.
It made you swear to learn what all this fuckery means and what you can gain from it. Who knew that you would become a glorified ghostbuster.
You dream of darkness. It's not even darkness - it's a void. There's no light, no sound, you feel nothing. You don't feel scared, you don't feel love or anger or guilt you feel nothing you float like you weigh nothing do you even have a body where are you are you dead is it a black hole how do you get out of here why is it so cold oh my god it so cold Sarah Tom please someone get me out of here why is it so cold is it death are you dead?
And then you wake up.
Cases like these definitely require a cigarette and several cups of coffee.
You ponder over the dream that have been torturing for the past 6 months: what the hell does it mean? What is this place? Is it even a place?
You feel like right now you don't want to know the answer. It's counter-productive to solve the world's greatest mysteries at 9 am.
The next time you're in a dream you will have a chance to investigate, but you also will have to test your composure in order to understand what you're seeing and stay in the dream.
Now when you had breakfast and all caffeinated and nicotined, it's time to hit the road.
Roll 1d3
2
You decide to visit the bookstore.
The time is 10:30 am.
You take the bus. judging by google maps the ride will take at least half an hour.
Roll 1d100
6
But the traffic has some other ideas - there has been an accident up ahead and it will take 40 minutes more than you thought to get there by bus. On foot it will take 1 and a half hours to get there.
You decide to stay on the bus. The late autumn wind is not that welcoming today and you still have time.
You arrive at the bus stop. The maps say the bookstore is 5 minutes away.
The time is 11:20 am.
The bookstore looks like a usual occult bookstore : a black sign above the door with the name "Between The Lines" written in a gothic typeface.
The shop is on the medium-size side, it's windows are covered with occult symbols, the sign in front of the shop says:
"Take a cup of coffee with you on your spiritual journey"
The sign has the same handwriting as the note you received yesterday.
Of course they offer coffee. You wonder whether or not you will find several people with Macbooks working and studying there.
You push the front door and enter the bookshop.
Roll Wits+Awareness
1 success
Between the Lines looks like any other bookstore that deals in rare and antique books. Its only distinctive feature is that the owner seems to be a hardcore goth: the floors are made of the black wood, the walls are painted in deep blood red. The bookcases are made of the black wood as well. The assortment of books is really impressive: there are books on theology, philosophy, occult and much more.
Roll Intelligence + Occult
4 successes
Taking a closer look, half of the books are bullshit: fake meditation techniques, some nonsense black magic guides - the list goes on. It seems either the owner is not very discerning or they are trying to hide the truth from the average occult enthusiast. If it is the latter - it's rather concerning.
You take a look around and see the person behind the counter.
Character appearance: Stocky Masculine
Character personality: Fastidious, Manipulative
Character Description: Glad, Protected
It's a stocky woman with masculine features. She seems to be in her mid 30's. Her blond hair is gathered in a ponytail, she is wearing a pair of thick black glasses. Her outfit is rather interesting: she's wearing a black turtleneck and a leather harness. She also has a leather choker with two silver chains that are connected to her harness on both sides. It's quite a spectacle. You would guess she's also wearing leather pants but you can't see anything behind the counter. Behind her - an old coffee machine and some branded black cups.
Despite her almost S&M getup she seems rather inviting and content. What a strange combination.
You come up to the counter and stand there, waiting when the woman will notice you. No luck so far in that department.
You cough and make an attempt to catch her attention
She slowly raises her head, in her eyes you see no hint of recognition.
Roll wits + awareness
2 successes and 1 crit
She really doesn't know you.
"Can I help you?"
Her voice is deep and smooth. You could listen to it forever.
You take out the note and show it to her
"Is this note from your store?"
"Seems like it is"
"Do you know who wrote it?"
She slightly tilts her head to the side and gives you a glance. Then she suddenly meets her eyes with yours and carefully starts to study them.
"Hmm, this is interesting"
She is looking right into your soul. Her black eyes are like a lake. And you begin to drown.
Roll Composure+Resolve. DC is 3
3 successes
You have no idea what has just happened but it takes a tremendous amount of willpower to avert your eyes. This lady is definitely dangerous and you are not sure if you make it out of here if you're not careful.
The woman seems pleased.
"Please follow me"
You hesitate for a moment but the curiosity and the need to know what the hell is going on takes over. Shop owner first puts up a sign "Be back soon" and leads you into her office.
The office is decorated in the same style as the shop: black wood floors, blood red walls, and A LOT OF books.
Roll Wits + Awareness
1 success (crit)
Besides the books you can also see some interesting accoutrement: silver crosses, stakes, a skull, several religious artifacts.
Roll Intelligence+Occult
5 successes
Judging by the artifacts this person is prepared to take out demons, vampires and what not. This stuff is definitely real and has some significant power.
You are taken aback: you collection seems like children's toys, compared to what you see here.
"Holy shit"
"Careful, you never know what could happen to you if you say things like that"
"I'm just admiring your collection. This stuff is worth a lot of money. And a lot of lives potentially."
The woman glances at you quickly and takes a seat in her office chair.
"So, you've got my message"
"Well, it would be rather hard to miss something like that. How did you know how to find me? And more importantly: Why?"
"Have you noticed that you ask too many questions? And none of them are correct?"
What is she talking about? Who the fuck does she think she is?
"Listen, lady, I…"
"Think before you speak"
And then you feel it: the smell of the ozone in the air and something else.
Roll wits+awareness
1 success
You notice some markings on the floor but you can't quite figure them out.
"Okay, I am sorry. It has been a tough week. I'm Peter. What's your name?"
"That's better"
You feel the smell of ozone disappearing
"I'm Heather Moore, but you might know me as Obl1v1on"
And then it all made sense. You've been in contact with Obl1v1on for several months: they have tipped you off on several of your hunts and more importantly they didn't want a payment or a favor in return. Which is absolutely suspicious but you had to get your intel and Obl1v1on was the best person to get it from. Now you see why.
"Did you know that you've left quite a trace on the internet? My little gnomes have found so much I honestly feel like I know you better than you know yourself."
Well shit
"Well then, did you invite me to talk about my search history?"
You could swear that she smiled for half a second
"No, this social call is in regards to the fuckup that happened yesterday"
The wave of nausea washes over you.
"Ugh, can we not talk about it please? I think I might need therapy after this"
"Your incompetence cost us a lot. The life was lost and now the wraith is on the loose, searching for its next victim"
"Yeah, I fucking know. I was going to investigate the scene today and try and figure what exactly happened"
You feel the ozone smell again. You try to walk from the spot you're standing on. You can't move.
"Um, okay, are you really going to fry me here?"
"I am considering it. Speak in this tone again and find out"
Fuck around and find out, message received.
"I am sorry if I offended you, the sight of what I saw yesterday is still right in front of me. And it's horrible."
"I've seen it, pull yourself together, Collins"
Her eyes changed from black to almost steel. What kind of lightning is that?
"Here's what we're going to do. Your idea of investigating the scene seems rational. I will give you something that will help you. After you learn what you can you will return it. If something happens to the artifact there will be no words to describe how sorry you're going to be"
"Got it, I'll look after the artifact"
This time you know better than to argue with her. The room is most likely warded and you'll be toast before you can finish your argument.
"Good. Take the skull on your left."
You turn to your left and pick up the yellowed skull. It seems like the skull of an adult. There's no visible trauma.
Roll Intelligence+Occult
3 successes
When you pick up the skull you feel a chill run down your spine. Then you hear whispers. They are all around you and it's hard to make out what they are saying. Finally you see the ward in the room: it is a circle with some geometric shapes. It seems to be a protective ward tuned to the will of its creator. High-level stuff. Most of the wards are passive, but this one seems very powerful.
"I look forward to hearing from you, mister Collins. You know how to reach me."
And with that you feel that the conversation is over and it's time to remove yourself from the bookstore. As quickly as possible.
You walk out the bookshop, the skull is in your bag. What seemed to be like a 10-15 minute encounter turned out to be an hour long. It seems like the time in shop works differently than outside.
The time is 12:20

Now you need to go to the murder site. Your options are to take a cab (20 minutes), take a bus (40 minutes) or go on foot (1h 10 minutes)
Roll 1d3
3
You didn't manage to get a cab, and have missed several buses. Walking it is.
Time is 12:40
Will Sarah message me?
No
Will Tom message me?
No
Roll wits+awareness
2 crits. 2 successes
You feel like you're being watched. You look around trying to find the person following you.
Roll wits+investigation
1 crit. 2 successes
You manage to spot a person wearing a black coat, they look like a man. Average build, black or brown hair. You notice them for a moment, they notice it and disappear into the busy crowd.
You really need to be careful. This case seems to gather a lot of attention.
You arrive at the scene.

You are in front of the insurance office. The murder happened in the back alley.
Roll wits+awareness
1 success
You don't notice anything out of the ordinary for now and you don't see the person who was following you earlier.
Is the police still in the back alley?
Exceptional No
You circle the building and return to the back alley. You definitely don't feel good about this at all.
It seems like the police packed the shop and left without a trace. There are still some markings on the asphalt and brown stains all over the walls where the blood was but the place seems to be cleaned up.
Time to look for clues.
Roll intelligence + investigation
3 successes
reroll 2 dice
0 successes
reroll again
+1 success
+2 superficial willpower damage
Do I find any information on the victim?
No
Did officers leave something behind?
Yes
Did the wraith leave something behind?
No
Name: Color Th
Scavenge: Tool Success
You look around the scene. There is a notepad lying on the ground, it looks like it belonged to one of the police officers. It doesn't contain much but the last note reads:
"The victim's remains are sent to the lab. The victim has been identified as Hugo Melville by his ID and driver license."
Well, nice to meet you Hugo. Rather, WAS nice to meet you. You still hold your lost lunch against him. When you have the time you can hit up google and do some old fashioned search to find some information on the poor guy.
You still can use the skull to gather some information on the wrath who attacked mr. Mellville yesterday.
Roll intelligence+Occult
1 crit, 3 successes
Spell effect: Weapon Emotion
Powers: Colorful Nature
Visions and Dreams: Frightening and Obscure
You take the skull out of your bag. A familiar shiver runs through your body and you begin to notice things:
A colorful hot red energy all over the back alley. It's boiling and pulsing. This must be the attack residue.
Next, you feel an overwhelming emotion coming from the aura: it's rage. But you're not sure who's exactly.
And then you are transported somewhere. At first you see the blackness.
You know what it is.
It's cold. And there's nothing except this penetrating cold.
You float in this state for a moment and then you see the light
You move towards it
You are at the office desk. You are a little peeved as the previous client was a pain in the ass. Also, you are really thirsty.
You stand up and make your way towards the water cooler. From where the water cooler is at you can look at the window. It's a nice evening, you'll get off work soon. Maybe you'll hit a bar or go home and finish the show that you wanted to watch.
And then this feeling hits you.
You feel alone. So alone it's hard to describe. The people look at you in a weird way. What do these assholes know anyway?
And then you feel rage. You need a smoke.
It's weird: you were never a smoker. But you need one. Right now.
You exit the building without a word.
You go across the street to the convenience store.
"A pack of smokes and a lighter" you say
"Which one man? I'm not a psychic "
"Any kind just give me one"
You're almost ready to lunge at the clerk but he saves himself by giving you what you want.
You pay him and leave the store.
Then you go to the back alley.
You light the cigarette and inhale the smoke. You don't know how to smoke, you've never done it. But it feels so good.
Finally, after all these years.
Wait, what? What years?
This is not normal, this is not okay.
You try to resist, but your body doesn't want to obey you.
And there's a voice inside your head
"Sssssssssssssstop ffffffffffighting"
What the actual fuck
Your body now moves on it's own
The body finishes the cigarette, throws it on the ground
Then it inhales deeply
And it lets out a sigh
There's so much anger now in this body
The blood boils, temperature rises
The body wants to break things, break bones, break flesh
And it's hungry
It needs emotions, it needs fear, anger, despair
And you are feeding it
"Mooooore. Give me moooore"
You are scared. You didn't ask for this. You're just a normal person. You have no idea what's going on, it's terrifying.
"Yesssssss"
You need to fight back.
You gather all your strength, all your willpower.
The body's blood starts to boil.
The invader shrieks. It is furious.
You feel the heat, it's like a sauna. But it's inside your body.
The last thing you feel is an enormous amount of pain and a loud pop.
You come back to the present moment.
The last thing you have expected is to end up in the victim's body. But the information is useful.
It's not just a wraith, it's a specter.
And a very angry one at that.
You have no idea how it has managed to claw its way to this plane of existence but something needs to be done, or more people are going to get hurt.
You collect yourself for a moment. Dying even if it was a vision wasn't on your schedule.
With the skull still in your hand you look around, trying to see where the specter might have left after the attack.
Roll wits+occult
2 crits+4 successes
Location: Exposed Business
You turn around and see the aura trail from the scene to the street. You follow it.
The trail leads you to the street food stand. There are several people around it eating food and chatting. Nothing out of the ordinary so far.
Location: Exclusive Impressive
The trail continues. You follow it through the streets, past the hotel, you pass some shops, some cafes and restaurants.
You step off the main street and into the alley, then you pick up on the main street.
You follow the trail for some time. After a while you find yourself in the part of town you've never been before.
Detroit is full of hidden corners where you could see the traces of the past glory: some decrepit housing, some abandoned plants, warehouses and even business buildings.
But you know what you're looking at.
This place used to be a hotel and a country club, but now its main purpose is low-income housing. There's a goth club nearby, you've played some shows there.
The trail leads you to the apartment complex.
Well, time to examine this piece of history.
Roll intelligence+occult
1 crit, 3 successes
For a moment you feel like the skull is fighting you but you've managed to get it under control.
You look at the post boxes, this building has 7 floors.
Roll 1d7
7
Roll 1d100
87
The trail leads you to the 7th floor. You come up to the door, the number reads 87.
Chaos factor is now 7
Is the specter here?
Yes
You pull the door, it doesn't open.
Roll dexterity+larceny
2 successes
You pick the lock. The mechanism is old so it's not a big challenge.
The lock clicks open.
Roll intelligence+occult
2 successes
As the door opens the skull suddenly zaps you with what feels like an electric shock. You are startled and release it.
Roll dexterity+athletics
2 successes
You barely manage to catch the skull. You shudder at the thought what would happen if you didn't.
You put the skull in the bag for now.
If you wish to use magic, it takes time and you have to prepare the spell. The spell should be drawn on a piece of paper or any other surface. To activate the spell immediately you need to spend a point of willpower and make a skill check of intelligence + occult. A prepared spell requires no will power points. You need to describe what the spell does. The more complicated the spell is the more is the difficulty score. For a spell to take an effect you need to be hidden or unseen by corporeal beings.
You take a notepad from you pocket. You draw a circle and then you draw some geometric shapes. You as you drawing it you imagine being able seeing the supernatural entities
Roll intelligence+occult
3 successes
You feel a tingle and then you start to see more colors and black separates into the different shades. You see the air move and you feel a strong presence behind the door.
You knock on the door and then enter
As you enter the room you see a translucent man floating in the middle. He seems to be dressed in an old three-piece suit. He faces you and stares directly into your eyes. The man radiates malice.
"Howwww do youuuu sssshhe meee?"
"Man, the magician never tells"
Spirit tilts it's head studying you.
You put your hand into your pocket and find the piece of coal you carry with you. You rub your finger on it as much as you can and take out the hand from the pocket. You starting to trace a circle and some geometric shapes in order to stop the spirit and buy you some time to escape if you need to.
Roll stealth+dexterity+subterfuge
2 successes
Does the specter notice you drawing the shapes?
Unexpected random event, New NPC, Carry War
Identity: Natural Intense
Description: Young Creepy
You are preparing for the worst. You remember how he killed the poor guy basically on the whim. Even if you can defend yourself, you are not sure how you are getting yourself out of this building.
"Can I ask you one question?"
"hYoooou khaaaaan, but I khaaave a khondition"
The specter produces unbearable sounds, he is wheezing and coughing with every word. It really looks like he is not used to having conversations.
"Let's hear your conditions first"
"Hyooou khaaaaan hsseeeee meee, KHOOOOW"
He roars and the room shakes. You beginning to think that ghost negotiations are not your best suit.
"Simple, I know magic"
The specter starts to laugh. At least it looks like he laughs but the sounds are like a dying old car being turned on. You feel sick.
"Ghhooodd. My khnaame isssss Khlyle Khhrisssstian"
"Nice to meet you Lyle. Love your place by the way"
The only thing preventing you from going insane is the jokes. Stupid fucking jokes.
You get a feeling you are not getting out of here by yourself. This thing is going to ride you.
And then kill you.
It's too late to change the conditions of the spell, so maybe you have a chance to leave the building.
But if you do, nothing prevents your new pal to follow you.
And your heightened senses have an expiration date.
 About 10 minutes.
"Well, it was very nice to meet you, have a good time, mate"
You try to act nonchalant but the shakiness of your voice betrays you.
You feel the atmosphere getting heavier. It's hard to breathe.
This thing is preparing to attack you.
You need to act now.
Roll composure+resolve
1 crit+3 successes
You feel heavy, the air is thick, it's very hard to breathe.
He tried to possess you but you managed to withstand his attack.
You try to raise your hand and activate the spell you have prepared.
Roll Strength+Resolve
2 successes
Roll intelligence+Occult
1 crit+3 successes
It's suddenly so hard to control your limbs. It takes a feat of concentration to actually raise your hand and point your palm at the specter.
"Fucking freeze!"
You shout and activate the spell. Lyle is suspended mid motion. You don't have much time, the spell is not that powerful to begin with, especially against the very pissed off ghosts.
You bolt from the room and take the stairs.
Three turns and out to see how well you escape the building.
Roll Dexterity+Athletics
2 successes, 1 critical failure, 1 success
You take the stairs and almost roll though the floors.
6
5
You almost trip, but manage to catch yourself on a guard rail
5
4
And there you have it: you finally trip and something snaps and clicks in your shoulder as you connect with a wall.
+2 superficial damage
3
2
1
You reach the 1st floor. Your shoulder hurts like hell but you're still alive. For now at least.
You bust through the door. The air behind you is electrified, you feel the hair on the back of your neck stand up.
And then you're almost hit by a black van.
It screeches to a halt a mere meter in front of you.
You see the side door open and a familiar face appears.
"Get in goddamnit"
In different circumstances you would be angry or maybe scared. Right now you are glad to get out of here with some help, no matter what comes next it's better than becoming a ghost meal.
You hurl yourself into the van. Your dislocated arm makes you scream in pain.
Sam Thorne looks at you, making sure you got in the van. And then he faces the driver.
"The fuck you're waiting for, Ramirez? Fucking floor it!"
The van jumps from it's place, the side door shuts with the help of gravity.
You really would like to know how these guys tracked you, but the sudden tiredness and the pain have their own plans.
You lose consciousness in the wan.

Day 3
Chaos Factor is back at 5
You dream of darkness. It's not even a darkness - it's a void. There's no light, no sound, you feel nothing. You don't feel scared, you don't feel love or anger or guilt - you feel nothing.
It's a familiar place now, you've been here. You know you're dreaming.
Roll composure+intelligence
5 successes
You manage to stay in the dream and now you can consciously figure out what it all means.
Sensory - Vision & Dream: Trouble Mysterious
Meaning - Actions: Divide Agreement
Meaning - Descriptions: Fearfully Horrible
Miscellaneous - Cryptic Message: Abandoned Expose
You see a gray room. Inside it there are two people: a man and a woman. There is a red door behind them. As you approach two people you realize that these two people are Heather Moore and Sam Thorne. Both of them are suspended in the air and their heads are tilted forward as if they were hanged. There's a person lying on the floor between them. It's Tom. A second later it's Sarah. Whatever version of your friend is lying on the floor it's clear - they are also dead. Their hands are stretched both ways towards Heather and Sam. You step over the body and approach the door. The door is extremely cold to the touch. You touch the doorknob, turn it and push it towards yourself. The door opens. You notice that there's blood on your hand at the place where the doorknob touched the palm of your hand. You turn around. There's nobody in the room, just two ropes hanging mid-air.
"Why"
You hear a distant voice, it seems familiar.
"We trusted you"
The voice constantly changes - one moment it's male, the other - it's female.
"You have abandoned us"
"You monster"
You turn around and step inside the next room. At first it's pitch black, then there's a rustling sound, as if there's some water on the floor.
You feel the water rising.
At first it's up your ankles, then hips, then it's up to your waist.
And then there's a smell.
It's not water, it's blood.
You turn around and there's no door.
The only thing you see now is a bright light above you.
It slowly changes colors: white, blue, red, orange
Now the blood has reached your head.
It's hard to move and even if you could, there's nowhere to go.
It's darkness all around and the blood is cold.
You feel hunger, not like the times when you feel the need to eat food. It's more like when you didn't smoke for a whole day.
It's not hunger, it's a deep craving.
And the blood smells so good. It's sweet, spicy and alluring.
You start to drink it, and then the blood covers your head.
And then you wake up.
You are lying on a gurney. An IV drip is hooked up to your hand. There is some medical equipment around you. You hear a faint beeping of the heart rate monitor.
Your clothes are gone, the only thing protecting your modesty is a medical gown.
You try to assess the damage to your body. You remember dislocating your shoulder on the way down from the apartment complex. Good news - you can move it rather well. Bad news - it hurts like hell. Nothing a few painkillers can fix.
You remember boarding a van, Sam Thorne has tracked you all the way to the place of the encounter.
Roll intelligence+technology
3 successes
One thing you can think of is that the card Sam gave you at the club had a GPS tracker inside it. Clever, but they could just have hacked your phone - much more efficient and by the looks of things they do have means to do it.
Doesn't matter now. You have to get out of here and report to the Obl1v1on. And return her skull.
You try to stand up.
Roll strength+athletics
1 critical failure, 2 failures
You try to pick yourself up from the gurney and get back on your feet. You try to move carefully but the hurt shoulder gives in. You loose balance and plant yourself on the floor face first. It's going to leave some bruises.
+1 point of superficial damage.
You try to stand up again.
Roll strength+athletics
1 success
It takes a long time. You have to use the gurney to prop yourself up back on your feet. After several attempts you manage to do it.
By the time you are vertical the IV drip is left on the gurney and a small amount of blood is trickling from the place where the needle was.
You slowly move towards the door. Where the fuck are the doctors?
You push through the double doors into the hall. It's the same as the room you've been in - sterile, harshly lit and completely empty.
You need to find your equipment.
Roll wits+investigation
2 successes
You move through several hallways. They all look the same. You feel like you're in a bad dream.
Are there any signs on the wall?
Yes
You notice a sign on the wall. It reads:
"Administration —>
Evidence —->
Restrooms <—"
Well, time to hit the evidence locker and get your stuff back.
You move towards the indicated path and find yourself in front of the door. The door is locked with a numbered key lock. Did you think it would be that easy?
You reckon that the "Administration" room might have some clues on how to open the door.
Chaos factor is now 6
You limp towards the administrator's room. Wherever you are the scale of this place is impressive. You also notice another sign:
"Garage and parking —>"
Security ——>
Medical <—-"
Now you have more options. You decide to keep going towards the administrator room.
After some time you reach the administrator room.
Roll wits+awareness
2 crits+1success
You notice that there's actually someone inside the administrator's room. You either need to flush them out or try to sneak to the Security room.
Roll dexterity+stealth
2 crits+1 failure on the desperation die
The danger is now 3
You hear voices in the direction where the medical room was. You think they might have discovered your absence. You need to move.
Is there a guard at the Security room?
Yes
Roll wits+awareness
3 successes
There's a guard in the Security room. Now really need to think of something and quick: they are already looking for you (whoever 'they' actually are) and you need to get your things back and get the hell out of here (wherever 'here' is anyway).
Roll intelligence+subterfuge
3 successes
+1 superficial willpower damage
+1 success
You try to think of something to distract a guard with. Then you see an ashtray. You have an idea.
While the guard doesn't see you, you pick up some ash, rub it in your hands, crouch down the floor and begin to draw shapes inside the circle. You imagine guard falling asleep.
Roll intelligence+occult
3 successes
+1 superficial willpower damage
You wait for the spell to take an effect. The guard starts dozing off, but then he comes to his senses. The process repeats. It look like he is stuck in this loop for a while but you need to be VERY sneaky.
Roll dexterity+stealth
3 successes
+1 superficial willpower damage
+3 successes
You are the shadow itself. You sneak into the room, trying not to alert the guard and search around the room for the combination password.
Roll wits+investigation
1 success
You see nothing resembling a password. You try and search the guard for keys or anything useful.
Roll dexterity+larceny
1 crit+2 successes
You find a keycard. It is clipped to his belt. You need to free your find before you can do anything with it.
Roll dexterity+larceny
3 successes
You unclip the keycard. Now you have the way into the evidence locker.
Roll dexterity+stealth
1 success
You try to move quietly but you knock over a potted plant. The sound is deafening. You hear footsteps and voices coming towards you. You need to run.
Roll stamina+athletics
+1 superficial willpower damage
No successes
Chaos factor is now 7
You run, but you're to weak. The voices are much closer.
You try to find a place to hide, maybe you still can get your things.
Roll wits+awareness
3 successes
Do I find a place to hide?
Yes
You frantically run along the empty halls, your pursuers just around the corner behind you. Suddenly you see the maintenance closet - might be just the place to hide.
Is the door locked?
Yes
The door is locked, you need to unlock it and quick.
Roll dexterity+larceny
3 successes
It's a simple lock - you lift the door and fiddle with the lock. Then you hear a click.
You rush into the maintenance closet, softly closing the door behind you and locking it. You are not sure whether it will throw them off your track.
Is there a ventilation shaft access inside the maintenance closet?
Yes
Roll wits + awareness
3 successes
You look up and see a ventilation access. Now you have some chances to move past your pursuers.
You quietly unfold the stepladder and open the access hatch.
Climbing is still painful but you manage to squeeze in. The fit is very tight, but you have no choice.
You hear muffled voices:
"Do you have the location of the subject?"
"Negative, continue the search"
Good, you're a subject now.
You move forward, hoping to find some place to drop down. You feel the onset of claustrophobia.
Do I find the evidence locker while I'm in the ventilation shaft?
Exceptional yes
You almost miss it: there's a ventilation panel revealing a room with some shelves and lockers. Lucky you.
You open the panel and drop down. Shelves are almost empty but there are some loose items and some bags.
Roll wits+awareness
2 successes
After a while you find a duffel bag marked "Peter C.". You open the bag. Inside - your neatly folded clothes and your possessions. And, thank god, the skull is among them. You feel like the kidnapping would be a lame excuse to present to Heather.
You put your clothes on and gather yourself. You search inside the pockets of your coat - thank god the coal, your phone and cigarettes are still there.
You decide to look around a bit more inside the evidence locker. You feel like a redistribution of stolen things might be a nice finishing touch.
Are there any artifacts inside the evidence locker?
Yes
Magical item: Animal Energy
Magic Item: Food tool
Object: desired equipment
One thing you notice - a dagger. It has a simple design, though there are some symbols on the handle. You feel like you really need to take it with you.
You obey your compulsion and take the dagger with you.
Before you exit you think of something: you find the coal in your pocket, rub your finger on it and start tracing lines. Can try to become invisible.
Roll intelligence+occult
4 successes
You feel a tingle. You have no idea whether the spell is working. Only one way to find out.
You move towards the garage. You can still hear voices of the people looking for you but they are in the opposite direction of where you're heading.
You reach the door marked "Garage and parking" and try opening it.
Is the door locked?
No
Is the spell broken?
Yes
The handle turns and you enter the garage, The place is spacious, looks like the only way is up.
You also feel a tingle again. Hard to say what to make of this sensation but you still need to be quiet - invisible people can still be heard.
Do I meet anyone on the way up?
Exceptional no
On the way up you don't meet any people, not any cars. Either it's a day off or this place is not the busiest location.
You move several floors up and find the exit. You try the door - it's open.
Location: Modern Frantic
The sun blinds you. It's a little bit past afternoon. You step outside and find yourself in the downtown area of Detroit. You are actually impressed that a clandestine facility managed to be found downtown. And in this economy? They must be paying hell of a rent.
Despite the absurdity of the situation, you need to move. Heather is waiting and judging by your previous encounter she is not a patient type.
Are there any messages?
Yes
You turn on your phone, you have a message. It's from Heather.
"No1se, I hope I don't need to remind you of returning my property. Contact me immediately.
Obl1v1on"
The message seems almost friendly. Almost.
You reply:
"Sorry. I've ran into some trouble. Your property is safe with me and I have some news. Be there as soon as I can
No1se"
In a span of several months you worked out some ground rules of communication: no names and no specific information like addresses or anything else that can be traced to either of you. You reveal most of the information to each other via burner accounts on Signal and other encrypted messenger apps. Now you have an option to meet in person.
You walk for several blocks. You decide to take a bus, it would be less conspicuous.
The chaos factor is now 5
After some time you arrive at Between the Lines.
The time is 2 p.m.

The store seems to be in a similar state as you left it yesterday: still a screaming goth manifesto with a sign outside telling prospective patrons to have a cup of coffee inside. You roll your eyes a little bit but what can you do in the year 2023, when most of the reading is done digitally.
You step inside the bookstore. The atmosphere you picked up yesterday seems even heavier. You feel almost an extra gravitational pull, the air feels heavy. You hope this ambiance is not a reflection of its owner's disposition.
You come up to the counter, there's no one behind it. If it was any other person you would go straight to the office, but you remember that it's warded and you don't want to test what happens to unwanted guests.
"Took you long enough"
Roll wits+composure
2 successes
Your heart skips a beat and you almost jump in place. The voice behind you belongs to Heather Moore - the owner of this fine establishment.
"Fuck me, did you really need to scare me? I had enough excitement for one day, thank you very much."
"Mr. Collins, your excitement isn't over for today, I'm afraid. Not until you make a report of what happened. Please, follow me."
As you follow Heather you try and assess her age. She is definitely older than you but she acts as if she is both 10+ years older than you and your boss. You get a strange feeling of momentary anger: who does she think she is?
Roll wits+awareness
3 successes
Roll intelligence+composure
2 successes
Well, you can't really tell her age. Especially from the back. Maybe next time you have a chance too look at her you will be able to tell definitively.
More important: now you are really pissed about the thought of Heather Moore acting as your boss. YOU did all the legwork, YOU faced the fucking specter and came out alive. And now she is giving you a cold shoulder?
Roll intelligence+composure
4 successes
Whoa there, calm down. It's true that you're getting under appreciated here, but there are two things: first, you actually did this of your own free will. Second: she can fry your sorry ass if you manage to piss her off.
Heather turns around as if sensing the struggle inside you:
"Something you want to share, Mr. Collins?"
"Could you please call me Peter? This formality makes me feel like I'm being called to the principal's office"
Roll wits+awareness
1 success
Her face tells you nothing, who knows what she's thinking.
"Mr. Collins, we have a business arrangement. As partners I cannot allow such frivolities. We are absolutely not friends, at least for now."
At least for now? You both have been risking your lives for at least four months. It seems your idea of comradery differs quite significantly from hers.
You step into the office. You gingerly try top stay outside the ward circle.
Roll charisma+manipulation
contested: 3 vs. 10 - fail
"Mr. Collins, I'm not going to subdue you. Yesterday was a precaution."
You feel relieved but still cautious.
"First things first: I trust my artifact is intact?"
You nod, take out the skull from your bag and place it on her desk.
Heather studies it, and puts it on the bookshelf, seemingly satisfied.
"Now, I would like to hear what happened to you yesterday to make you look like this"
She extends her hand and makes a circling gesture as if she doesn't know where to begin describing your scratches, bruises and disheveled clothes.
You recount how you were followed, the scene of the crime, the energy residue and the vision. How you followed the energy trail and confronted Lyle Christian, the hostile specter. you describe how you were intercepted by the agents of Inner Data after which you woke up in a secret medical facility. You tell her how you've escaped this facility.
Heather Moore's eyes are wide by the time you finish the story. She is bewildered with how so many things could have gone so wrong. She looks at you and then begins to pace around the room.
She mumbles something under her breath, she also starts wildly gesturing to herself.
Roll wits+awareness
6 successes
Conversation: Mocking Combative
Motivation: Business Diminish
"How, I tried to… No, this is not the time… Ugh, what should I do…"
She is aggravated. Her eyes are wide, her right hand is clenched in fist and now almost white.
"You do understand the magnitude of your fuckup? I believed you to be a professional, a man who can get the job done. Now you've gone and put the eyes of a fucking government agency on yourself and potentially on me. You go and confront a murdering wraith when I explicitly told you just to gather information on the murder scene. You think you are what, immortal? Look at yourself, you're a mess! "
Given you've only seen her a couple of times now, this is quite unusual. Heather Moore has dropped her cold facade completely and now she's almost screaming at you. You also feel like you notice something extra strange about her.
Roll wits+awareness
6 successes
She is crying. You don't really know if it's anger tears or something else entirely - but she is still berating you. This feels weird.
This continues for a minute or two and then she abruptly stops. She's breathing heavily, her mascara runs a little bit in a couple of places, her cheeks are red.
You need to choose your words carefully.
"Heather, I wasn't going to let this fucking psycho to murder someone else. I have actually seen and felt it happened and it is absolutely terrible. We protect people from these monsters and I would gladly risk my life if it meant that no one else is hurt. I agree I was careless, but now we have some information that we can work with. As for the agency - I'll be more careful in the future. I won't let them get a drop on me."
She listens to you, but says nothing. Her usual cold self is back now, almost. While you were giving your passionate speech she fixed her makeup and her breath is now steady, as it was before. One thing that you clearly see now - her eyes are filled with anger. And also sadness?
"I am going to tell you something. I believe you proved yourself enough to know at least this much."
She pauses, collects herself and then continues.
"You know that I deal in information. I am a fixer. People have questions about the supernatural and I provide them with answers. From time to time I pick people, the Hunters, who are resourceful and are able to work very delicate jobs. You are one of them. Truth be told by now you are the only one of those people. Three Hunters I was mentoring were assigned the same job as you. None of them are alive now. "
You are dumbstruck. You thought this was more or less a normal threat. Now it seems like you are just a lucky guy who is on over his head.
"The first partner of mine was killed in the same manner as you would have - if you weren't so lucky. Next two Hunters vanished without a trace. Either they are dead, in a process of dying or being worked on in some basement, most likely the same one you've seen. Two of them told me the same story - they were approached by a gentleman who expressed an interest in their abilities. Each time it's a different company. Most of all, these two specialized in wraith hunting - the same as you are. I have several theories - either they are trying to get to me in some weird and convoluted way, or there's something else. I believe it's the latter."
You feel a shiver running through you - there were three people before you and neither one of them managed to deal with this specter. And now they are gone. Or worse.
"Have you heard of Orpheus?"
"A Greek legend?"
"Correct direction, but wrong. Orpheus is a corporation who deals with hauntings and wraiths. They also deal in corporate espionage, assassinations and a whole deal of shady services. Their reach is alarmingly wide and judging by the pattern of the communication efforts - they are looking for something. I believe Mr. Christian has escaped their confinement while they were experimenting on him. After all, it is a specter of great power. I won't ask if you were followed - Orpheus operatives can access any place they can get into that is not warded against unwanted visitors of spectral kind. Briefly put - they can astral project and follow you without being seen. So, this is my theory."
You think for a second. You've never heard of this. Sure, your typical FBI Special Affairs Division and Information Awareness Office are well known - they act with the grace of an elephant and don't care about the means. If it were them, you would have already been sitting in a basement somewhere in Quantico or in some secret prison.
The religious nutjobs don't usually get in the way, although they're not as hostile. Game recognizes the game after all, even if you use magic.
The prospect of a corporation who can come and go absolutely unseen and do whatever they want - now this is actually scary.
Good thing this place is warded.
As if hearing your inner monologue, Heather continues:
"Now, to the matter at hand. First things first - you are in danger. I don't think the specter will come for you, but the Orpheus might. After all, you actually survived the encounter with their little project and they can not allow the information to spread. And they also can't let the wraith pass on. You will stay here and do research. Learn as much as you can. Tonight we will hunt this being and deal with Orpheus afterwards."
"Wait, you're coming too?"
"We're too deep in this. I can not afford to sit and watch as people I trust go out and die. I would need to go and call in some favors, it won't be just the two of us."
You're lost for words. You want to hug Heather, or kiss her - though both of this options are out of the question.
She continues:
"You have this library and internet at your disposal. As well as the coffee machine."
You could swear she smiled for a brief moment.
"Sounds great. By the way, can I smoke here?"
Heather sighs wearily:
"Yes, you can."
Now we're talking.
"I would need to attend to the shop, it's too early to close after all."
She opens a desk drawer and gives you a small bottle. There's a purplish fluid inside.
"Seeing as you are hurt, this might help you"
You hesitate for a moment and then you open the bottle and drink the fluid. You feel a pleasant burning inside.
Heal 2 points of superficial damage and three points of willpower damage
And with that she stands up and exits the room. Before she exits she turns around and pauses as if she wants to say something. A second later she opens the door and returns to the shop.
You are left with a copious amount of books, volumes, tomes and a laptop, sitting on a coffee table in the corner. You begin your research.
Roll resolve+academics
+2 superficial willpower damage
6 successes
Clue type: Informally written notes, scraped notepads
Clue type: Public awareness, rumors, poster, film
Object by function: Poison, immobilize, trap, hinder
Object by form: Shiny, light-emitting, bright, white
Object by state: Public property, shared, common, regular
Enemy deeds: Committed a murder, or sent an order to
Enemy deeds: Denied a truth, was found innocent, told lies
After many hours you manage to put together a cohesive picture.
Lyle Christian was a controversial person. Information on him dates back to 1920's where he's described as an entrepreneur with a decicevely shady morals. During the Great Depression he was selling alcohol, working with mafia and all of this in a form of legitimate business. Of course he got caught. He was arrested for murdering a rival businessman. The details are scarce, but what's available paints a picture of an exceedingly brutal murder.
From what you can gather it's not clear whether he's done it or not, there are a lot of conflicting reports. In the end, his trial was made a public spectacle and he was convicted. The death sentence. It looks like the public record of Lyle Christian stops here.
You also find a lot of reports on mysterious homicides dating back to 1950's, 1970's, 1990's and finally - 2019 and counting. These reports are in line of what you're expecting: an unbelievably brutal execution of a seemingly random person, suspect has not been found. There are at least 10 of these reports that have some substantial information. As time goes on there are less and less details about the incidents, and the reports stop altogether after 2021.
You find that reports began to appear again a year ago. Same MO, no suspect. And then the details vanish again.
You suspect that Orpheus must have paid a lot of money for the press to go quiet about these murders. And after Lyle escaped they had to do it again.
After reading through several tomes on wraith and exorcism you find several ways to expel a vengeful spirit:
Help them finish their unfinished business
Perform a ritual on their remains
Enchant a silver dagger with a ritual and destroy the corporeal form of the wraith
There are several problems: Lyle doesn't seem to want to stop, even after almost a hundred years of rampage and helping him means actually murder people. Out of the question.
Problem number two: there's no possible way to determine where the remains of Lyle Christian are now. And you don't have time to search for them.
The only thing that's left: a knife fight with a ghost.
You are exhausted. You mind swims. You've spent 4 or 5 hours pouring over every book and source you can find. But now you have a plan.
Heather returns with a pot of freshly brewed coffee. It smells heavenly. You pour yourself a cup: it tastes better than it smells.
-1 superficial willpower damage
You tell Heather of your findings.
"Good job. As I thought, it's not going to be easy to put this specter to rest. I have made some phone calls, we will have some backup at least."
"When are we going to do it?"
"Preferably - today. I still have not received the information on when our backup will be available."
There's something on the back of your mind, you're trying to remember what it is.
Roll intelligence+composure
1 success
Whatever it is ti must be not as important, otherwise you would've remembered it.
Roll willpower
1 success
Your eyes become extremely heavy. You struggle to stay awake as Heather is telling you something but you loose train of the conversation and fall asleep.

SEVERAL HOURS LATER

You are awakened by the vibration of your phone. It's Sarah.
The band practice! Well, now you've definitely not making out alive.
Random Event: Haggle Hope
You pick up the phone:
"You better say you were in a car crash and both of your legs are gone because it's the only reason I will accept for you not showing up today"
"Sarah…"
"Don't you fucking Sarah me. You don't text, you don't call and you stand us up. Again."
"Listen, I've actually been in an accident. I got assaulted yesterday. I am so sorry I couldn't make it, maybe we can do it tomorrow?"
Right, like you don't have murdering psychics on your tail. You feel physically sick lying to her like that.
Sarah stops for a second as if deciding whether to believe you or not.
Roll charisma+manipulation
2 successes
"Are you fucking shitting me? You actually think I'll buy this crap? Where are you now?"
"Huh? Why?"
"So I can come and break your legs in person. And this time Tom is not going to help you."
"Fine. I'm at the bookstore called Between The Lines. It's on the 4859 Grand River Avenue."
"What, are you kidding me? Whatever, prepare your kneecaps."
Sarah hangs up.
Now you feel more shitty than you were before. You've never imagined a situation where you would have to lie like this to one of your closest friends.
You notice that Heather has actually covered you with a blanket while you were sleeping. How nice of her.
You step out of the office into the shop and look at the watch
8 p.m.
The store is about to close, though there is only one customer. You hope he still will be here when Sarah will come and end your sorry life. At least you'll have witnesses.
You come up to Heather, who's writing something frantically behind the counter.
"Hey, um… Is it okay if my friend comes to talk for a minute?"
At first she doesn't register your question, then she spins around and looks at you. She doesn't say anything, she just blinks as if she sees you for a first time and you've just asked her if you could borrow her kidney.
After a while she answers:
"You know, you're the most outrageous person I've worked with. At least you didn't think of going out or I'll be scraping you off the pavement. I hope this friend of yours is worth risking your and their safety."
It's funny how she isn't concerned about her safety but then you remember that she probably has this place booby trapped from front to back with spells.
She sighs wearily again, turns around and continues her writing. You come around and see that she has a tome in front of her and she is copying the description of a ritual. So you're actually going to fight a wraith with a magic knife.
Half an hour passes. You've been asking Heather questions about the ritual and you both make sure that you have everything you need to complete it. You both search the store and find every item you need for the spell.
If only there was a spell to calm down a furious lady who just barged into the store and almost knocked down a customer who was heading out with their purchase.
She stops in the middle of the store and looks at you. Her nostrils are flaring as if she was running the whole time. Her hair is disheveled, as if by the storm. Her fists are clenched. She looks at you again and her anger subdues a little bit, now she has a confused stare.
Roll wits+awareness
3 successes
There's something faintly odd about how Sarah looks, but you're not sure what exactly to look for.
"Dude, you look like absolute shit."
"Yeah, I've missed you too"
"No, I mean it: who's done you like this?"
"'Um, there was a guy in the alleyway, a real psycho. Almost sent me to the forefathers"
Sarah's confused face has become confused even more.
"Why didn't you tell me? And why didn't I get a call - I'm your emergency contact"
"Um, I honestly don't know. I don't remember how I got into the hospital."
This whole time you've heard the sound of pen writing on the paper. Then it stops and you hear a voice behind you:
"Excuse me, miss, can I offer you some tea or coffee?"
You turn a little bit to face Heather as well.
"And you are?"
"My name is Heather, I'm a friend of Peter's"
You remember how earlier today she told you you are nothing more than colleagues. A bit ironic, but at the same time she wouldn't go around telling people that you both hunt monsters in your spare time.
"Oh, I see. I'm Sarah. What was that about the coffee?"
"Coming up"
She faces away from you both to turn on the coffee machine.
You step closer to Sarah. There are so many things you want to tell her - all of this ghost hunting business, how sorry you are and how you are hurting having to lie to her.
"Listen, Sarah. I am so sorry. I was going to call you but…"
"You fucking dumbass"
She rushes towards you and gives you a strong hug, almost taking the air out of your lungs.
You embrace her as well. You hear her cry.
"I was so fucking worried, you weren't answering out calls. I though you fucking died. You were acting so weird lately I thought something might have happened to you"
She is sobbing into your chest. You feel her anger and how relieved she is that you're alright. You swallow a lump in your throat and hug her tighter.
"Just fucking promise me you won't do this shit again, please"
"I'll try, Sarah, I promise."
Sarah punches you lightly in your shoulder.
"You better fucking try…"
She doesn't finish her sentence and is sobbing again.
And then you hear the sound of a cup smashing on the floor.
You and Sarah both startled, break the hug and face the source of the sound.
Chaos Factor is now 7
Roll wits+awareness
3 successes
You see Heather standing with a cup in one hand and a dagger in another. She looks like she's ready to pounce at any moment.
In front of Heather there's a figure you've seen before. It's Lyle Christian.
And then it hits you: this thing rode Sarah to this place. He came with her, that's why wards didn't trigger.
As this realization hits you, you hear a thud on your left. You turn around and see Sarah's body collapsed on the floor.
No,no,no,no,no,no
Not her, please. Anyone but her.
Heather turns a little bit to see the source of the sound without letting the wraith out of her sight. She turns back to face Lyle again.
"Is she okay?"
You fall to the ground and check Sarah's pulse.
Roll intelligence+medicine
1 success
You frantically pinch her slender wrist with you thumb and index finger. You are actually so shaken up that you don't feel anything. Or maybe she is gone.
"I don't know, I don't fucking know, Heather "
"Peter, get your shit together and help me, please."
You feel tears coming up. Sarah and Tom are two people you would give our life to protect. And now you've fucked up.
You get up again. There's one thing you can do and it's getting this asshole to disappear into the fucking oblivion he came from.
"Khahhhh, dkhe madgeeee"
His voice sounds as terrible as before. Shivers are running down your spine, you feel nauseous. The air in the shop is heavy, it's hard to breathe again.
"Lyle, why don't you kindly fuck off and leave us alone?"
"Oh, I actually came to talk to you. How rude."
At first you are startled since it's Lyle talking but you hear a familiar girl's voice, and then you see:
He's now speaking in Sarah's voice. More then that, he's speaking through Sarah.
"The Orpheus. They know where you are. And they know where I am. I am going to kill all of them, then I'm coming for you both. Don't think you little magic tricks will work on me this time."
Roll wits+awareness
+1 superficial willpower damage
3 successes
You see Heather's hand is moving in patterns you don't recognize. She is bleeding from her thumb. There's a dagger you brought from the medical facility under her hand. So, she is performing a ritual. That means you have to stall.

You move away from Sarah's body - there's nothing you can do now for her. You try to distract the wraith in order to give Heather some time to finish the ritual. You will actually have to piss this guy off in order for her to have a bit of a chance.
"Lyle, you fucking dork. You actually think that hijacking my friend will scare me or something? You're a fucking disgrace of a ghost, I tell you."
Roll charisma+performance
+1 superficial willpower damage
3 successes
You are, in fact, scared. Scared for Sarah and scared of this thing that is floating towards you. The wraith exudes a menacing stifling atmosphere.
"Oh, so you think you can escape this time? I told you, your magic won't work on me now."
"I don't think I will be using magic this time"
You pick up a bar stool near you and hurl it towards the specter.
Roll strength+athletics
2 successes
Predictably, the stool phases through the wrath. You weren't going to harm him, you just needed to get him angry enough so he would forget about Heather.
The wraith screams through Sarah. She is convulsing on the floor, her mouth agape, eyes wide open. The noises she makes are inhuman. The air is getting thicker, like a jelly. Items around you begin to tremble. And then they rise into the air.
And these items are flying towards you.
3 rounds and out to evade the projectiles. DC is 3
Roll dexterity+athletics
2 successes, 0 successes, 2 successes
+1 superficial willpower damage
2 successes, 1 success, 2 successes
Your plan is somewhat good. The one unfortunate thing is that you are physically drained: your movement is sluggish, limbs barely obey you.
You are clocked by a weighty book in your jaw, then a glass breaks and one of the shards slashes you across the face. And then a familiar bar stool is flying towards you and plows through your midsection.
+4 superficial health damage
You are thrown to the ground, you frantically gasp for air. You didn't think that this would go so poorly.
Now the wraith is almost above you. You see the various items are following him through the air. This thing is laser-focused on inflicting as much bodily harm as possible.
More than that, the aura this emanates is unbearable. You feel the sheer terror overtake your body.
Roll unspent willpower
1 success
You can't stand it, this feeling is too overwhelming. You back away from the specter, crawling on your hands and legs.
The broken glass cuts your hands but you're too scared to notice it.
Lyle Christian hovers over your beaten body and laughs. Sarah is still rolling on the floor, her mouth is wide open and producing unbelievable sounds that might constitute laughter. Tears streak over her contorted face. You see pain in her eyes.
Then the building begins to shake. It's as if the wrath of Lyle took the form of a hurricane and is threatening to tear this bookstore apart.
And then the laughing stops.
You see Heather Moor behind the specter. And she's sticking the dagger through his incorporeal form. Because of the ritual the dagger can do some real damage now.
Sarah stops contorting on the ground and seemingly loses consciousness.
Then you see the light coming from the place where the dagger met the wraith's body. The noises this being makes are hard to describe: part anger, part pain and a lot of hatred.
Then there's a flash and the wraith's form disappears.
You see Heather run up to you. She says something but your brain can't process information right now. You are too hurt, too tired.
You close your eyes and drift into blackness.
Day 4

The danger level is now 2
You dream of darkness. It's not even darkness - it's a void. There's no light, no sound, you feel nothing. You don't feel scared, you don't feel love or anger or guilt - you feel nothing.
It's the same place again. The dream.
Roll composure+intelligence
2 successes
You see some shapes. You hear sounds. For a second you can smell metal. But mostly you feel alone and cold. My god, it's so cold in here.
And then you wake up
You are in some place you don't recognize. You are lying on the sofa.
Roll strength+athletics
2 successes
You try to stand up or to move an arm at least. You can't. Your body is too beaten up.
Your attempts to move your head are met with flashes of pain.
Roll wits+awareness
7 successes
From a corner of your eye you see a familiar leather jacket - so Sarah is also here.
You carefully move your head to look around.
Domicile: Temporary Utilitarian
The place is clearly a bit neglected: there are boxes all over the place, there's almost no furniture. The air smells a bit stale.
You try to stand up again
Roll strength+athletics
3 successes
With a lot of effort you manage to sit and then stand up. You almost trip over Sarah - she's laying right near you on a mattress. You lean closer to look at her face - she's unharmed, there are small cuts on her forehead and cheeks, but nothing alarming. You imagine you much worse now.
You brush a side of her face and feel a sting of guilt. She shouldn't be involved in this. And she definitely didn't deserve a psychopath riding in her body.
As you touch her face you see her eyelashes flutter and eyes open. Sarah looks empty-minded for a few seconds and then her eyes regain focus. She almost jumps in her place and grabs you by the shoulders.
"What. the. fuck. happened?"
You look at her, the guilt wells up in you. You hug Sarah and hold her for a few moments. Eventually she hugs you back.
"I am sorry, I am so sorry"
"Peter, look at me"
You let Sarah go and meet her eyes. She's not angry, she's actually sad.
"First of all, next time there's a murdering asshole trying to puppeteer me - please let me know in advance"
She forces a smile and a single tear falls down the blanket she's covered with.
"Can you just explain to me why I was saying all these things? What was all that?"
She was conscious during the possession. You feel even worse now.
You briefly describe to her that you and Heather found out about the wraith and were trying to stop him after he murdered several people. You tell Sarah that Heather is actually an occult pro and you were trying to learn about these things for a while.
You finish your explanation and look at Sarah. Her eyes are wide and she's trying to comprehend what you're saying.
"So you like what, ghostbusters? Dean and Sam Winchester?"
"Not really but you can call us that if it helps. We were working together for a few months now."
"I just don't understand how this Lyle found out about me"
"Ghosts can go wherever they please. Apparently they have the whole plane of existence to themselves, though I've never seen it. That's what Heather's book say anyways"
"I just can't believe this stuff is real. So, if the afterlife is real then God is real too?"
"I honestly don't know and I hope he's not. I would rather try not to imagine this."
You both sit in silence for a few minutes. Sarah is deep in thought, you're just looking at her. You can't even begin to imagine what you would do if anything bad happened to her. It already has, but there could be even worse things for her out there.
You touch her shoulder, breaking Sarah's concentration
"I'm so glad you're alright. I don't know what I would do if something bad happened to you"
She just looks at you, your eyes meet. Instinctively your hand finds hers, she clutches it. You don't remember who leans closer first, but the outcome is the same - you two kiss.
Your mind blanks for five or more minutes. Eventually you both get some distance from each other.
"You idiot"
Sarah hugs you. You can hear she's crying softly again.
You hug her back and stroke the back of her head. You whisper something reassuring, Sarah's hands are clutching your t-shirt.
That's where you hear the sound of the door unlocking. You and Sarah immediately stop whatever you were doing and now are sitting apart from each other. She's still holding your hand.
You see Heather come in. She looks different - her usual goth attire is replaced with plain clothes, hair is now falling freely on her shoulders. She has a large bulky bag over her shoulder and some grocery bags in her hands.
"You're awake now, good"
She puts everything she was carrying on the table and looks at you both.
"Peter, how are you feeling?"
"Like I was fucked up by an angry ghost"
Heather smiles and looks at Sarah
"Sarah, you're alright?"
Sarah wipes her tears quickly
"Yeah, more or less. Peter brought me up to speed on what's happened. Absolutely freaky stuff you guys are dealing with"
Heather nods her head and looks back at you
"The specter is gone, at least for now. I don't think we have "killed" him, but it would be a long while until he can come back. We have one more problem still"
"Orpheus"
You sigh wearily. You like the attention, but not from murdering and spying corporations.
"The what now?"
Yeah, you haven't told Sarah yet about the Orpheus, the wraith was more pressing.
"I thought you told her everything she needs to know. Though I understand that telling her everything in one go would make it difficult for her to process everything"
Sarah looks at you inquisitively. Her eyes are wide, she's' terrified. You grip her hand stronger.
"Sorry, but Heather is right. We're not safe. Yet"
You tell her about the Orpheus corporation - what they do and what shady cervices they provide. You also tell Sarah that the whole deal with Lyle was their fault, since they couldn't contain him.
Sarah is sitting deep in contemplation again. You and Heather are watching her closely, not saying another word. Then she stands up and starts pacing around the room.
"So you're telling me there's a corporation who can just fucking murder you through walls? With ghosts?"
Heather laughs shortly and replies
"Well, you can put it that way "
"And now they're hunting me and Peter because of some asshole ghost? What even is this bullshit?"
Sarah's furious. You rarely see this reaction when anyone tells you about the whole separate supernatural world, but it would definitely be her to get mad at all this.
In front of you on a kitchen table there's a glass. And then the glass shatters with a loud noise. Shards are flying everywhere.
You and Heather quickly start looking around, trying to see the cause of this.
Roll intelligence+occult
4 successes
You look at Sarah and you see something, almost as if the air around her changed when the glass exploded.
Sarah misses a step and looks around nervously. Then she looks at you as if asking if you've seen what you just witnessed.
"Um, Heather. I feel like Mr. Christian might have left a present to Sarah."
Heather's eyes widen for a second
"We need to research this and teach Sarah to control this, if needed. We don't want to bring any more unwanted attention, especially to a beginner like her."
So Heather is already addressing Sarah as if she is a part of this. This definitely escalated quicker than you though it would.
"So what, I'm a freak now?"
Sarah looks at you both, her body is shaking.
Roll wits+awareness
3 successes
You see the air around her change again, you need to calm her down or she might hurt herself.
You step closer to Sarah and hold her hands
"Listen, I know you're scared. This is a lot to take in. Me and Heather will help you. You'll be alright"
Roll charisma+persuasion
+1 superficial willpower damage
2 successes
Random event: Debase Elements
You try to calm her down, but she's too emotional right now. You feel the air change it's consistency again: now it's much more visible. It's as the heat is coming off Sarah, but her body is completely fine.
Then you see some items start rising in the air and fly around the room. It's random but then they all start flying in the same direction as if it's a localized hurricane.
Mugs smash across the wall, there are several knives that are now stuck in the wall, one of the grocery bags is flying violently across the room, scattering it's contents. Finally a small jar flies across the room and breaks the window. It doesn't fall for while but continues to move forward as if shot from a cannon.
The air subdues and everything returns to normal.
This whole time you were hugging Sarah, trying to protect her with your body from flying items.
Heather, on the other hand, has gone prone on the floor, which in retrospect was a much smarter choice. It's a miracle you and Sarah are unharmed.
Heather stands up, straightened her clothes
"Goddmanit, my store, NOW"
Sarah snaps back to reality, looks around assessing the damage her new powers have done to the apartment
"Heather… I'm sorry. Sorry for the window"
You and Heather scoop up confused Sarah and make way downstairs. Heather leads you to the parking lot and opens her car.
You travel to Heather's bookstore. During your trip Sarah is trying to apologize for the damage she has done.
"Well, it's not my place, so you don't have to apologize. Bad news: I now have to fix all of this, starting with you. It's partially my fault you're like this."
You are at the bookstore again. The sign on the door, predictably, says "Closed". Inside it looks like a small tornado hit the building: there are some cracks in the walls, books are scattered across the floor, some of them are damaged. You hope these are not important ones. The furniture is wrecked and scattered across the store as well. Heather hastily guides you to her office.
"Put her in the circle"
You look at Sarah reassuringly, telling her that it will be alright.
"Okay, here's the plan. It looks like Mr. Christian has awoken something in dear Sarah yesterday. Something dormant. It seems that it's some sort of psychic power that came loose after the possession. We need to find the cause and help Sarah to keep it at bay. Peter, you handle the research here, I'll see what I can find anything in the store."
And with that she leaves the room. Only you and Sarah are in the office right now.
You put a chair and a laptop in front of Sarah.
"Listen, it's better to keep yourself occupied than sitting here just thinking about what happened. I want to help you and maybe you will also find something worthwhile. While you're in this circle nothing bad will happen to you."
Is there anything wrong about the circle?
Unexpected random event: Activity Dispute
It seems odd though that this circle will keep Sarah's newfound power stable, rather convenient in your opinion.
Roll intelligence+occult
4 successes
Something doesn't add up. The day before you couldn't move while you were in the circle - this is either a trick to make Sarah obedient or something else entirely.
Roll wits+occult, difficulty is 4
1 success
You try and sense the atmosphere in the room, the air around the circle. No matter how hard you try, you can't see or sense anything out of the ordinary.
You need to be careful around here, something is going on. You try and think of the ways to protect Sarah if anything wrong happens.
Roll wits+investigation
4 successes
Objects: Creepy Bright
Objects: Equipment Rare
You find a dagger that looks ceremonial. It's handle is carved in symbols you don't recognize. The dagger emanates malice.
Magic item: Create Others
Is the skull in the office?
Exceptional No!
Is there anything else useful in the office?
Yes!
Object: Light New
Object: Lethal Equipment
Is that a gun?
Exceptional yes!
You rummage through Heather's table. Predictably, most of the drawers are locked, but the one you open contains something you didn't really expect.
It's a handgun.
It looks barely used, some sort of 9mm pistol.
Is there anything in the drawer?
Exceptional Yes!
Object: Small Moving
Object: Official Deactivated
There's some sort of device with insignia on it. You can try and remember if you have ever seen this symbol.
Is this a governmental insignia?
Yes
Roll intelligence+politics
3 successes
It looks vaguely familiar but you can't waste any more time trying to remember where you have seen this insignia.
You close the drawer, pocket the mysterious item and come up to Sarah.
You give her the gun.
"Listen, I know I said that we're safe here, but just in case. Do you know how to use it?"
"What do you mean 'Just in case' ? What's going on?"
You see the visible signs of concern and fear on Sarah's face. She isn't prepared at all for what might happen,
"I am not sure, but better be safe than sorry"
Sarah hesitates for a second and takes the gun from you. She looks at it for a second then hides it in her jacket.
Now you have some semblance of a contingency. You still have to figure out what happened to Sarah.
Roll resolve+academics
+1 superficial willpower damage
2 successes
You look through Heather's books trying to find anything that might describe what happened and how to deal with the current situation.
Cryptic message: Help Messy
Cryptic Message: Truce
Spell Effect: Undead Detect
Unfortunately, you don't find much: there are some mentions of latent psychic powers awakening in adults, though it's not clear on what the nature of this "awakening" is. You also find a mention of a ritual that can disable these powers. The description seems like a rather messy ritual requiring a sacrifice. You doubt Sarah would agree to nay of this.
Strangely, you find a mention of some people with psychic powers being able to detect undead. Useful, but not relevant.
Does Sarah find anything?
Yes!
Does her find describes how to control her powers?
Yes!
PUM:
Clue type: Public awareness, rumors, poster, film
Clue type: Personal item, distinctive markings
Suddenly you hear Sarah's voice
"Oh, I think I've found something!"
She shows you the excerpt from a book. The book is called "The Codex of Arcane Minds". The scan looks rather old.
The excerpt reads:
"In the depths of the human psyche lies the untapped potential for mastery over the unseen forces that govern our world. Through disciplined practice and unwavering dedication, one can unlock the dormant abilities of the mind, transcending the limitations of the physical realm.
To master the psychic powers is to embark on a journey of self-discovery and enlightenment. It begins with the cultivation of mental discipline, honing the mind to a razor-sharp focus capable of penetrating the veil that separates the material world from the realms of the unseen.
The first step on this path is the awakening of the Third Eye, the psychic center located within the brow chakra. Through meditation and introspection, one must learn to quiet the incessant chatter of the conscious mind and attune themselves to the subtle vibrations of the universe.
With the Third Eye open, the practitioner gains access to a realm of knowledge and insight beyond the comprehension of the uninitiated. They may perceive the auras of living beings, discern the thoughts and emotions of others, and even glimpse into the future with clarity and precision.
But mastery over the psychic powers is not without its dangers. The untrained mind is vulnerable to the chaotic energies that swirl through the cosmos, and those who wield their gifts recklessly may find themselves consumed by madness or corruption.
Thus, it is imperative that the seeker of arcane knowledge approach their studies with caution and humility. Only through discipline, diligence, and a profound respect for the mysteries of the mind can one hope to unlock the true potential of their psychic abilities and ascend to the pinnacle of enlightenment."
Does the excerpt contains any useful information?
Yes!
Roll intelligence+occult
4 successes
The text is mostly an enlightened babble, describing the endless possibilities of the human mind. You've seen this a thousand times: the fake books on "How to unlock your chakra and become happy" or any form of magical thinking - the manifestation of one's wishes.
One thing that piques your interest is the notion of psychic powers being connected to emotions. That is definitely the case since the first episode occurred when Sarah became angry. You also think that the wraith's anger might have done something to Sarah. These new powers, however fascinating they are, still a product of possession.
"Well, I think we have our first clue."
"Huh, I honestly thought this was a bunch of bullshit"
"Well, the most important information is often hidden between the lines. I think your new powers are connected to your emotions. Though we still have to understand how to keep you safe"
Sarah becomes less tense, the news of the progress - no matter how small, is comforting.
She's still dangerous to herself and to the others around her. You need to find away to make sure nobody gets hurt.
Did Heather find anything?
Yes
Did she find the reason Sarah unlocked her powers?
Yes
Does Heather know how to help Sarah?
Yes
You tell Sarah you need to consult Heather on her findings - or maybe she has also found something. Also you need to figure out what this whole magic circle inconsistency means.
You gently place your hand on Sarah's shoulder
"Everything's going to be fine. I promise."
She gives you a weak smile and then pulls out her phone.
You step outside the office, into the shop.
Is Heather talking to someone?
Yes
Conversations: Positive Awkward
Cryptic Message: Colorful Innocent
You see Heather talking on the phone to someone:
"Yes. No, Why… No, I don't…"
Roll dexterity+stealth
3 Successes
She doesn't seem to notice you for now.
"Yes. It's gone. Well, not entirely, but it's contained now. The host is suitable. Yes."
What is she talking about? The host? What hell is going on?
Heather listens for a second, sighs deeply and says
"Yes, Mr. Murray. Thank you."
She finishes the call and stands still for a moment. Her right hand brushes through the hair. almost clutching it. The left hand is on her waist. She stands for some time, the hand in her hair, mumbling something under her breath.
"Found anything?"
You act as if you weren't standing here for several minutes, eavesdropping on a conversation. Still, you're very aware of what it might mean. There's something else at play.
Heather quickly turns around, looking surprised.
"How long have you been standing here?"
"I just came out of the office, were you talking to someone? One of your contacts?"
"Yes, you might call them that. "
"So, any news? I managed to calm Sarah down, but she's still scared. She's absolutely new to all of this and doesn't understand what's going on."
"Yeah, I might have found something."
Heather fixes her hair for a moment and continues
"Well, let me explain something. There are indeed people who are like Sarah. Most of them are barely functional and are a danger to themselves and to people around them. I've heard of them, never seen one myself. My understanding is when we banished the specter, it was linked to her. Some of it's powers might have transferred to Sarah or unlocked her abilities - it's hard to say right now. One thing we have to understand - the more her emotional state is unstable, the more damage she will do. And I'm not talking about only the physical one. Her emotions are inherently contagious and can influence those around here if they stay long enough near her. She needs to learn how to control her emotions or there will be very unpleasant consequences to this."
This tracks with what you've found. The only thing you didn't know is that her emotions might affect others.
"Fine, what can we do to help her?"
Sarah looks at you intently, her eyes change color again from black to steel.
"I've made some calls. There are some people who can help us."
Oh, now you get it.
"So, is Sarah the "Host" ? You were feeding me bullshit since I woke up, Heather. You think I'm stupid or what?"
You feel your blood boiling. If it was anyone else, you would see where it goes. But not this time. This time it's personal.
"You need to stop speaking in riddles, Heather. I'm done being your little soldier. You're telling me everything now, or I'm using this"
You produce the dagger you took from the office. Heather's eyes widen, she seems shocked. Or scared.
"Where did you find this? Peter, you don't know what you're doing. I'm on your side."
"Judging how you didn't deny that you've done something to Sarah I must agree to disagree"
Heather exhales sharply and puts her hands up. She looks like she tries not to approach you.
"It was the only way in that situation. The wraith would've killed us all"
"So you made Sarah a walking telekinetic time bomb and then what?"
"I have connections. People I know actually can help her. Help her realize this new potential. Help her to learn to fight against the monsters."
"I'm sorry, have you asked her about this? If she wants this?"
"Whether she wants it or not - she's already a part of it. Stop and think for a second"
No, it's not right. Nobody should decide to randomly make people psychic and ruin their life.
"Oh, I'm thinking alright. You just decided on your own to deal with your little problem that already has killed three of your Hunters."
Heather becomes tense for a moment, her breathing's sharp.
"I've done what I could. I couldn't loose more people. I didn't wish to harm her, I can help her"
You hear a mechanical click.
You and Heather both turn around. You see Sarah, she's shaking.
She's pointing a gun in your direction, you're not sure who's her target.
Roll wits+awareness
3 successes
Description Meaning: Neatly Protective
Sarah has definitely heard your exchange. She's pointing a gun at Heather.
You are at the bookstore again. The sign on the door, predictably, says "Closed". Inside it looks like a small tornado hit the building: there are some cracks in the walls, books are scattered across the floor, some of them are damaged. You hope these are not important ones. The furniture is wrecked and scattered across the store as well. Heather hastily guides you to her office.

"Put her in the circle"

You look at Sarah reassuringly, telling her that it will be alright.

"Okay, here's the plan. It looks like Mr. Christian has awoken something in dear Sarah yesterday. Something dormant. It seems that it's some sort of psychic power that came loose after the possession. We need to find the cause and help Sarah to keep it at bay. Peter, you handle the research here, I'll see what I can find anything in the store."

And with that she leaves the room. Only you and Sarah are in the office right now.

You put a chair and a laptop in front of Sarah.

"Listen, it's better to keep yourself occupied than sitting here just thinking about what happened. I want to help you and maybe you will also find something worthwhile. While you're in this circle nothing bad will happen to you."

Is there anything wrong about the circle?

Unexpected random event: Activity Dispute

It seems odd though that this circle will keep Sarah's newfound power stable, rather convenient in your opinion.

Roll intelligence+occult

4 successes

Something doesn't add up. The day before you couldn't move while you were in the circle - this is either a trick to make Sarah obedient or something else entirely.

Roll wits+occult, difficulty is 4
1 success

You try and sense the atmosphere in the room, the air around the circle. No matter how hard you try, you can't see or sense anything out of the ordinary.

You need to be careful around here, something is going on. You try and think of the ways to protect Sarah if anything wrong happens.

Roll wits+investigation

4 successes

Objects: Creepy Bright

Objects: Equipment Rare

You find a dagger that looks ceremonial. It's handle is carved in symbols you don't recognize. The dagger emanates malice.

Magic item: Create Others

Is the skull in the office?

Exceptional No!

Is there anything else useful in the office?

Yes!

Object: Light New

Object: Lethal Equipment

Is that a gun?

Exceptional yes!

You rummage through Heather's table. Predictably, most of the drawers are locked, but the one you open contains something you didn't really expect.

It's a handgun.

It looks barely used, some sort of 9mm pistol.

Is there anything in the drawer?

Exceptional Yes!

Object: Small Moving

Object: Official Deactivated

There's some sort of device with insignia on it. You can try and remember if you have ever seen this symbol.

Is this a governmental insignia?

Yes

Roll intelligence+politics

3 successes

It looks vaguely familiar but you can't waste any more time trying to remember where you have seen this insignia.

You close the drawer, pocket the mysterious item and come up to Sarah.

You give her the gun.

"Listen, I know I said that we're safe here, but just in case. Do you know how to use it?"

"What do you mean 'Just in case' ? What's going on?"

You see the visible signs of concern and fear on Sarah's face. She isn't prepared at all for what might happen,

"I am not sure, but better be safe than sorry"

Sarah hesitates for a second and takes the gun from you. She looks at it for a second then hides it in her jacket.

Now you have some semblance of a contingency. You still have to figure out what happened to Sarah.

Roll resolve+academics

+1 superficial willpower damage

2 successes

You look through Heather's books trying to find anything that might describe what happened and how to deal with the current situation.

Cryptic message: Help Messy

Cryptic Message: Truce

Spell Effect: Undead Detect

Unfortunately, you don't find much: there are some mentions of latent psychic powers awakening in adults, though it's not clear on what the nature of this "awakening" is. You also find a mention of a ritual that can disable these powers. The description seems like a rather messy ritual requiring a sacrifice. You doubt Sarah would agree to nay of this.

Strangely, you find a mention of some people with psychic powers being able to detect undead. Useful, but not relevant.

Does Sarah find anything?

Yes!

Does her find describes how to control her powers?

Yes!

PUM:

Clue type: Public awareness, rumors, poster, film

Clue type: Personal item, distinctive markings

Suddenly you hear Sarah's voice

"Oh, I think I've found something!"

She shows you the excerpt from a book. The book is called "The Codex of Arcane Minds". The scan looks rather old.

The excerpt reads:

"In the depths of the human psyche lies the untapped potential for mastery over the unseen forces that govern our world. Through disciplined practice and unwavering dedication, one can unlock the dormant abilities of the mind, transcending the limitations of the physical realm.

To master the psychic powers is to embark on a journey of self-discovery and enlightenment. It begins with the cultivation of mental discipline, honing the mind to a razor-sharp focus capable of penetrating the veil that separates the material world from the realms of the unseen.

The first step on this path is the awakening of the Third Eye, the psychic center located within the brow chakra. Through meditation and introspection, one must learn to quiet the incessant chatter of the conscious mind and attune themselves to the subtle vibrations of the universe.

With the Third Eye open, the practitioner gains access to a realm of knowledge and insight beyond the comprehension of the uninitiated. They may perceive the auras of living beings, discern the thoughts and emotions of others, and even glimpse into the future with clarity and precision.

But mastery over the psychic powers is not without its dangers. The untrained mind is vulnerable to the chaotic energies that swirl through the cosmos, and those who wield their gifts recklessly may find themselves consumed by madness or corruption.

Thus, it is imperative that the seeker of arcane knowledge approach their studies with caution and humility. Only through discipline, diligence, and a profound respect for the mysteries of the mind can one hope to unlock the true potential of their psychic abilities and ascend to the pinnacle of enlightenment."

Does the excerpt contains any useful information?

Yes!

Roll intelligence+occult

4 successes

The text is mostly an enlightened babble, describing the endless possibilities of the human mind. You've seen this a thousand times: the fake books on "How to unlock your chakra and become happy" or any form of magical thinking - the manifestation of one's wishes.

One thing that piques your interest is the notion of psychic powers being connected to emotions. That is definitely the case since the first episode occurred when Sarah became angry. You also think that the wraith's anger might have done something to Sarah. These new powers, however fascinating they are, still a product of possession.

"Well, I think we have our first clue."

"Huh, I honestly thought this was a bunch of bullshit"

"Well, the most important information is often hidden between the lines. I think your new powers are connected to your emotions. Though we still have to understand how to keep you safe"

Sarah becomes less tense, the news of the progress - no matter how small, is comforting.

She's still dangerous to herself and to the others around her. You need to find away to make sure nobody gets hurt.

Did Heather find anything?

Yes

Did she find the reason Sarah unlocked her powers?

Yes

Does Heather know how to help Sarah?

Yes

You tell Sarah you need to consult Heather on her findings - or maybe she has also found something. Also you need to figure out what this whole magic circle inconsistency means.

You gently place your hand on Sarah's shoulder

"Everything's going to be fine. I promise."

She gives you a weak smile and then pulls out her phone.

You step outside the office, into the shop.

Is Heather talking to someone?

Yes

Conversations: Positive Awkward

Cryptic Message: Colorful Innocent

You see Heather talking on the phone to someone:

"Yes. No, Why… No, I don't…"

Roll dexterity+stealth

3 Successes

She doesn't seem to notice you for now.

"Yes. It's gone. Well, not entirely, but it's contained now. The host is suitable. Yes."

What is she talking about? The host? What hell is going on?

Heather listens for a second, sighs deeply and says

"Yes, Mr. Murray. Thank you."

She finishes the call and stands still for a moment. Her right hand brushes through the hair. almost clutching it. The left hand is on her waist. She stands for some time, the hand in her hair, mumbling something under her breath.

"Found anything?"

You act as if you weren't standing here for several minutes, eavesdropping on a conversation. Still, you're very aware of what it might mean. There's something else at play.

Heather quickly turns around, looking surprised.

"How long have you been standing here?"

"I just came out of the office, were you talking to someone? One of your contacts?"

"Yes, you might call them that. "

"So, any news? I managed to calm Sarah down, but she's still scared. She's absolutely new to all of this and doesn't understand what's going on."

"Yeah, I might have found something."

Heather fixes her hair for a moment and continues

"Well, let me explain something. There are indeed people who are like Sarah. Most of them are barely functional and are a danger to themselves and to people around them. I've heard of them, never seen one myself. My understanding is when we banished the specter, it was linked to her. Some of it's powers might have transferred to Sarah or unlocked her abilities - it's hard to say right now. One thing we have to understand - the more her emotional state is unstable, the more damage she will do. And I'm not talking about only the physical one. Her emotions are inherently contagious and can influence those around here if they stay long enough near her. She needs to learn how to control her emotions or there will be very unpleasant consequences to this."

This tracks with what you've found. The only thing you didn't know is that her emotions might affect others.

"Fine, what can we do to help her?"

Sarah looks at you intently, her eyes change color again from black to steel.

"I've made some calls. There are some people who can help us."

Oh, now you get it.

"So, is Sarah the "Host" ? You were feeding me bullshit since I woke up, Heather. You think I'm stupid or what?"

You feel your blood boiling. If it was anyone else, you would see where it goes. But not this time. This time it's personal.

"You need to stop speaking in riddles, Heather. I'm done being your little soldier. You're telling me everything now, or I'm using this"

You produce the dagger you took from the office. Heather's eyes widen, she seems shocked. Or scared.

"Where did you find this? Peter, you don't know what you're doing. I'm on your side."

"Judging how you didn't deny that you've done something to Sarah I must agree to disagree"

Heather exhales sharply and puts her hands up. She looks like she tries not to approach you.

"It was the only way in that situation. The wraith would've killed us all"

"So you made Sarah a walking telekinetic time bomb and then what?"

"I have connections. People I know actually can help her. Help her realize this new potential. Help her to learn to fight against the monsters."

"I'm sorry, have you asked her about this? If she wants this?"
Day 1
Tempest club
Event focus: Regret a recent action
You step into the club Tempest. Air is pulsing with music, the smell of sweat, perfume and a lot more. The Lights are strobing, causing a headache.
Why are you here? To forget, to dissolve in the sea of human emotion and flesh. Maybe you find someone to forget the recent events with, maybe not. The most important thing - is to get fucked up and dull this feeling.
Location: entrance business
Kind of danger: trap
Activity - looking for answers
The memory is mostly a blur - your brain is hard at work to protect your sanity. You were looking for answers at the place of the incident. It was just outside the office building you were pointed towards. But you were too late.
The vision of it is so awful it physically hurts to remember - the viscera on the walls, the smell of blood. And most of all - the malice of the attack.
This was not human. At all.
Suddenly you are brought back to reality by the bartender. You it seems like you were sitting at the bar for quite a while.
"You gonna order man? I called you several times, you alright?"
"Yeah, sorry. Just give me some whiskey, okay?"
Bartender does as he was told and puts a drink in front of you. Thank god for small miracles.
With a drink in hand you scan the dance floor.
Description: foggy\lost, ancient\old
Sound: Warning, loud
The club is located in an old industrial building, the fog machines are hard at work and most of the place is covered in fog. The music is deafening: you feel the pulse in your insides.
Am I getting drunk?
Exceptional yes
You turn back to the bar and start drinking. One, two, three - you definitely decided to drown your brain in alcohol today.
Does anyone come to talk to me?
No
Does anything violent happen at the bar?
No
After a while you are plastered - your tongue doesn't obey you, the brain is empty. That's what you like to feel.
You try to actually tell people what you have seen today: the carnage, the blood, the smell of it all. Most of the people you are trying to talk to are interested at the beginning but your description makes them sick the more you get into it.
Except for one person.
Appearance: Sinister Bald
Personality: Foolish Curious
Description 1: Multiple, Professional
Description 2: Brave, Harmful
You tried to talk to a group of people. At first they thought you are recapping some show or a movie but they quickly realized the details are too hardcore. One of the people from the group is listening to you intently. It's kind of strange considering the loudness of music and the distance between you - what can he hear?
The man comes up to you and motions to somewhere you might have an easier time talking. At this point you really don't care about it being a trap or something in that field. You are upset, your throat is sore and you need another drink.
"My name is Sam"
"Peter"
"My man, you really need to lay of the stuff you're on, you are talking nonsense"
"Why are you telling me this? Fuck off"
"You are gonna get hurt if you are not careful, especially telling people about gristly murders and what not"
You feel chill run down your spine, this person knows something
Roll wits + awareness
no successes
You suspect something, but you can't tell if it's true or not - you're too drunk
"What the fuck do you mean, who are you?"
"Oh, you will learn soon. Call me tomorrow and we can talk properly about this"
"You've been following me?"
"Kind of. My boss became interested in you after your little business with a particular entity a month ago"
So, that's what it is. You finally caught some attention.
"Ugh, I'll think about it"
"Don't think too long. You have an opportunity to finally do something meaningful than hunting some poltergeists"
You take a card, the name reads
"Sam Thorne, researcher, Inner Data"
Below is his phone number.
"Yeah, man, whatever. I said I'll think about it. Actually while we're here, do you mind answering a couple of questions?"
"I told you, we can talk tomorrow. Have a little patience."
"Dude, just two questions. It's not going to kill you."
Roll charisma + persuasion
1 success
"Tomorrow"
He turns around and goes for the exit. You're trying to stop him - maybe to ask for answers again, maybe to continue talking to one person who actually listened to you.
Roll wits + awareness
4 successes
You try to stop him but the sea of human bodies already made it impossible to reach him. Still, you have a number to reach him - that's a start.
Do I have a gig today?
Yes, absolutely
Did I forget about it?
Can't tell
Suddenly your phone buzzes. It's Sarah.
"Where the fuck are you? The gig starts in an hour and we have to do a check"
Then the second message comes
"Did you forget again?"
Life is hard as it is. The life of a person who moonlights as a Hunter is a fucking pain in the ass with the headache on top.
"I'll be there, just ask Thomas to check my guitar. Please."
"This is the last time, I swear"
Yeah, you definitely have some apologizing to do. At the same time, you still feel the sheer terror of today crawling on your back like a disgusting spider. Maybe beating the hell out of strings and screaming your head out will help get over it, who knows.

You arrive at the venue 30 minutes later. The public began to gather and you can hear the positive buzz all around. The crowd is decisively punk: a lot of brightly coloured hair, a lot of leather, band t-shirts and alcohol.
Speaking about alcohol: you're still drunk. It's a miracle that you didn't have a chance to try something more enlightening than alcohol. But hey, the night is still young.
You make your way backstage. The guard greets you, asks you if you're okay. You didn't have a chance to assess how you look but judging by this conversation you look like shit.
Well, here's that.
And there's a force of nature that Sarah Willson is. She is a petite girl in her late 20's. Her facial features are somewhat masculine but by all metrics you can describe her as attractive. She has a neon pink coloured buzz cut, a black dress and work boots.
Her face changes instantly when she notices you: first you see the anger boiling but it must be your face or something in you today that makes her not to take your head off. Unless for now.
"What the hell happened to you?"
Her face displays concern now. That's the last thing you want - you'd rather deal with furious Sarah than with this pity party.
"Are you drunk? What the fuck Peter"
Now we're talking, the short temper of hers starting to go off again.
"Listen, can we get through the show today? I'll tell you afterwards."
She clenches her fists and then gives up.
"Fine, whatever. Go talk to Thomas, he has your stuff"
And with that you go deeper into the backstage to find your bass player. You find him in the green room, smoking a cigarette and looking at his phone.
"Sir, you are not allowed to smoke here"
"Fuck you Peter"
Thomas turns to you with a hint of a smile on his face.
You went to school together, then to college and somehow decided to form a band. Aggravated Damage is a successful band, in some circles. Your proclivities for noise rock, post-punk and gothic stuff bonded all three of you together and made you talk of Detroit's underground scene. Still, with some of your hobbies you find it harder and harder to commit to music and to the band.
You found a new cause that made other facets of life trivial. You thought music was important, activism was important. The moment you discovered the whole other world and what it entails, other responsibilities fell to the wayside.
"For the last time Peter, I'm not your guitar tech. This shit is getting old very fast. What the fuck is happening man? You are acting very weird. And I have known you since we were 10. Are you using it or what?"
Oh no. Now both of them are starting to think that you are a junkie. In all honesty, you don't mind an occasional blunt or some shrooms, but the hard stuff? Hell no.
But you being absent from the band practices and standing up Sarah and Thomas on several occasions makes you a perfect candidate for the NA meetings.
"Dude, what? You know I don't touch that shit. Do you really think that low of me?"
Roll charisma+manipulation
4 successes
"Fine, you're right, We are just worried about you, you know? Just talk to us if you're in some kind of trouble, okay?"
Right. I'm just gonna say: hey guys, I hunt supernatural beings at night and then watch the nurses take me to a loony bin.
"Yeah man, of course. It's just my depression acting up, you know how it is."
Thomas looks at you, as if trying to scan you. Maybe he actually is, who knows.
"Okay, sad boy. The show is about to start, your gear is plugged in. Everything is supposed to sound good tonight."
"Thanks a lot, man. I will be on time… the next time. Sorry."
He looks at you again, a little bit disappointed.
As on queue Sarah barges into the room, looks at you both and slaps you on the back. Despite her slender frame, the girl packs quite a punch.
"You ready?"
You both answer affirmatively and head out to the scene.
When you approach the scene you hear the crowd murmuring, someone laughs. Several people try to start chanting your band name and clap, but few patrons are sharing the enthusiasm.
You three huddle together as if discussing the play strategy for the football game.
"I swear to god, Peter, if you fuck up today I'll take your dick off."
"Oh good, that's some nice encouragement"
"Let's give them hell tonight"
"Hell yeah"
You hug tightly and then enter the stage. As you pick up your instruments the public looks at you with anticipation.
Three rounds and out to see how you performed tonight, DC is 3 for each round.
Roll Charisma+Performance
2 failures, 2 successes + one crit, 2 crits and two successes
The start of the set is a fucking trainwreck. You miss some notes, don't sing quite right. You didn't have the time to warm up and it shows: the alcohol in your blood and the coarse throat doesn't inspire a great performance. Sarah and Thomas are trying to save face by giving you some time to drink water and gather yourself by talking to the audience between songs. After a third song you come to your element and it all comes together: the ferocity of Sarah drumming, the excellent bass playing and you. You finally start playing guitar like it owes you money. And you scream. You scream about the injustices, the oppression, the mental distress. You release it all and the crowd goes wild. Some people stage dive, there's a moshing pit in the center of the dance floor.
In short terms: you fucking nailed it. Mostly.
The crowd wants an encore, you play a cover of one of the Minor Threat songs. The show went well.
You, Sarah and Thomas are back in the green room. You feel much better.
"Dude, please just don't drink so much before the show again. You sounded like a castrated cat at the beginning"
"Yeah, man, that was awful. Good stuff overall though, the crowd seemed to like it."
You give a sorry look to Sarah. They didn't deserve to have to pull through like they did today. You are supposed to be a unit, a team.
"Listen, guys, thank you so much for what you did today. I don't know if I can promise it won't happen again, but I will try as hard as i can"
"You better try, I meant what I said earlier. You not going to practices and not answering our calls doesn't look good. Like, at all. We are worried about you. And I don't like to feel that way man. T, have you talked to him about the hard stuff?"
Thomas, who at this time completely tuned out, was caught completely off guard.
"Yeah, we did. he said he doesn't use and I believe him"
Sarah looks at you like Tom did before - scanning you, trying to find something wrong or a small tell
"Promise me, Pete"
"I fucking promise, Sarah, I don't do this stuff"
Roll charisma+persuasion
1 success + 1 crit
Sarah looks at you, gives you another scan and then says:
"Okay, You better not be lying. If you are, I'm gonna smash your balls"
"Jesus fucking Christ, lay off my genitals just for today, okay?"
You three laugh for a moment, and cool off after the successful show. Tom asks you to come hang out after.
Sarah has to visit her mom, so she takes a raincheck.
You are completely spent so you follow her example.
You gather your equipment and part ways.
The next band practice is in two days.
You call an Uber. It doesn't take much time before a used Japanese car picks you up from the venue.
You are almost sobered up, the effect of the alcohol has passed. Unfortunately it was replaced with a mild headache - nothing you can handle but annoying nonetheless.
The driver doesn't say much. He asks if you're a musician, what music you're playing and if he heard you on the radio. You chuckle a little bit after the last question imagining the absolute chaos spilling from the car's stereo.
Some music is just made to stay in the club or in people's headphones.
You arrive at your building. The building itself is a usual deal: a little bit weathered, showing its age. It's 11 pm and most of the residents are at home or already asleep. You make your way into the lobby.
Is there something in the mailbox?
Exceptional yes
Object: Artistic Cute
Cryptic Message: Punish Messy
There's a note in the mailbox.
Roll intelligence + Investigation
2 successes
Smell: Strong, Fresh
Is there something specific in the wording of the note that stands out?
Yes
Is it a place?
Yes
Location: Mobile, Frantic
The note is written in neat handwriting on nice paper and has a strong smell of a perfume. It's hard to tell what exactly the smell is but you are almost sure that the sender is a woman.
The note reads:
"THE FIRST ONE IS PUNISHED. THERE WILL BE MORE. IT'S ON THE MOVE AND IT WANTS VENGEANCE"
On the back of the note you see the name "Between The Lines". It looks like the name of some bookshop judging by the paper and the logo on the back. It seems like it would be worth investigating.
With note in hand you call the elevator and head out to your apartment.
Your apartment is a medium-sized studio on the outskirts of downtown. It has basic furniture: ol' reliable table with a lamp on it, several bookcases full of different volumes: history, occult, some fiction, some books on medicine, art and sociology. You have a basic kitchen, and a simple bed. Your place is not by any means fancy but it's yours and that's all that matters. Especially in this economy.
You take out an opened bottle of wine and pour yourself a glass.
What exactly did you expect to find today? You rushed in with no preparations, no enchanted items and no plan. The person scattered on the ground very well might have been you. Luckily you missed the action by several minutes. You didn't have time to analyze the scene: cops were already there and it was not worth the risk trying to push past them. The fake detective id is a last resort.
For now you have your work cut out for you: Investigate the scene tomorrow, look into the bookstore and call this Sam guy and see what this corporate shenanigans are about.
You finish your wine, wash yourself and drift to sleep.


Day 2
The night terrors, you used to call them. They started when you encountered the Being. You still don't know how you escaped.
But you did.
It made you swear to learn what all this fuckery means and what you can gain from it. Who knew that you would become a glorified ghostbuster.
You dream of darkness. It's not even darkness - it's a void. There's no light, no sound, you feel nothing. You don't feel scared, you don't feel love or anger or guilt you feel nothing you float like you weigh nothing do you even have a body where are you are you dead is it a black hole how do you get out of here why is it so cold oh my god it so cold Sarah Tom please someone get me out of here why is it so cold is it death are you dead?
And then you wake up.
Cases like these definitely require a cigarette and several cups of coffee.
You ponder over the dream that have been torturing for the past 6 months: what the hell does it mean? What is this place? Is it even a place?
You feel like right now you don't want to know the answer. It's counter-productive to solve the world's greatest mysteries at 9 am.
The next time you're in a dream you will have a chance to investigate, but you also will have to test your composure in order to understand what you're seeing and stay in the dream.
Now when you had breakfast and all caffeinated and nicotined, it's time to hit the road.
Roll 1d3
2
You decide to visit the bookstore.
The time is 10:30 am.
You take the bus. judging by google maps the ride will take at least half an hour.
Roll 1d100
6
But the traffic has some other ideas - there has been an accident up ahead and it will take 40 minutes more than you thought to get there by bus. On foot it will take 1 and a half hours to get there.
You decide to stay on the bus. The late autumn wind is not that welcoming today and you still have time.
You arrive at the bus stop. The maps say the bookstore is 5 minutes away.
The time is 11:20 am.
The bookstore looks like a usual occult bookstore : a black sign above the door with the name "Between The Lines" written in a gothic typeface.
The shop is on the medium-size side, it's windows are covered with occult symbols, the sign in front of the shop says:
"Take a cup of coffee with you on your spiritual journey"
The sign has the same handwriting as the note you received yesterday.
Of course they offer coffee. You wonder whether or not you will find several people with Macbooks working and studying there.
You push the front door and enter the bookshop.
Roll Wits+Awareness
1 success
Between the Lines looks like any other bookstore that deals in rare and antique books. Its only distinctive feature is that the owner seems to be a hardcore goth: the floors are made of the black wood, the walls are painted in deep blood red. The bookcases are made of the black wood as well. The assortment of books is really impressive: there are books on theology, philosophy, occult and much more.
Roll Intelligence + Occult
4 successes
Taking a closer look, half of the books are bullshit: fake meditation techniques, some nonsense black magic guides - the list goes on. It seems either the owner is not very discerning or they are trying to hide the truth from the average occult enthusiast. If it is the latter - it's rather concerning.
You take a look around and see the person behind the counter.
Character appearance: Stocky Masculine
Character personality: Fastidious, Manipulative
Character Description: Glad, Protected
It's a stocky woman with masculine features. She seems to be in her mid 30's. Her blond hair is gathered in a ponytail, she is wearing a pair of thick black glasses. Her outfit is rather interesting: she's wearing a black turtleneck and a leather harness. She also has a leather choker with two silver chains that are connected to her harness on both sides. It's quite a spectacle. You would guess she's also wearing leather pants but you can't see anything behind the counter. Behind her - an old coffee machine and some branded black cups.
Despite her almost S&M getup she seems rather inviting and content. What a strange combination.
You come up to the counter and stand there, waiting when the woman will notice you. No luck so far in that department.
You cough and make an attempt to catch her attention
She slowly raises her head, in her eyes you see no hint of recognition.
Roll wits + awareness
2 successes and 1 crit
She really doesn't know you.
"Can I help you?"
Her voice is deep and smooth. You could listen to it forever.
You take out the note and show it to her
"Is this note from your store?"
"Seems like it is"
"Do you know who wrote it?"
She slightly tilts her head to the side and gives you a glance. Then she suddenly meets her eyes with yours and carefully starts to study them.
"Hmm, this is interesting"
She is looking right into your soul. Her black eyes are like a lake. And you begin to drown.
Roll Composure+Resolve. DC is 3
3 successes
You have no idea what has just happened but it takes a tremendous amount of willpower to avert your eyes. This lady is definitely dangerous and you are not sure if you make it out of here if you're not careful.
The woman seems pleased.
"Please follow me"
You hesitate for a moment but the curiosity and the need to know what the hell is going on takes over. Shop owner first puts up a sign "Be back soon" and leads you into her office.
The office is decorated in the same style as the shop: black wood floors, blood red walls, and A LOT OF books.
Roll Wits + Awareness
1 success (crit)
Besides the books you can also see some interesting accoutrement: silver crosses, stakes, a skull, several religious artifacts.
Roll Intelligence+Occult
5 successes
Judging by the artifacts this person is prepared to take out demons, vampires and what not. This stuff is definitely real and has some significant power.
You are taken aback: you collection seems like children's toys, compared to what you see here.
"Holy shit"
"Careful, you never know what could happen to you if you say things like that"
"I'm just admiring your collection. This stuff is worth a lot of money. And a lot of lives potentially."
The woman glances at you quickly and takes a seat in her office chair.
"So, you've got my message"
"Well, it would be rather hard to miss something like that. How did you know how to find me? And more importantly: Why?"
"Have you noticed that you ask too many questions? And none of them are correct?"
What is she talking about? Who the fuck does she think she is?
"Listen, lady, I…"
"Think before you speak"
And then you feel it: the smell of the ozone in the air and something else.
Roll wits+awareness
1 success
You notice some markings on the floor but you can't quite figure them out.
"Okay, I am sorry. It has been a tough week. I'm Peter. What's your name?"
"That's better"
You feel the smell of ozone disappearing
"I'm Heather Moore, but you might know me as Obl1v1on"
And then it all made sense. You've been in contact with Obl1v1on for several months: they have tipped you off on several of your hunts and more importantly they didn't want a payment or a favor in return. Which is absolutely suspicious but you had to get your intel and Obl1v1on was the best person to get it from. Now you see why.
"Did you know that you've left quite a trace on the internet? My little gnomes have found so much I honestly feel like I know you better than you know yourself."
Well shit
"Well then, did you invite me to talk about my search history?"
You could swear that she smiled for half a second
"No, this social call is in regards to the fuckup that happened yesterday"
The wave of nausea washes over you.
"Ugh, can we not talk about it please? I think I might need therapy after this"
"Your incompetence cost us a lot. The life was lost and now the wraith is on the loose, searching for its next victim"
"Yeah, I fucking know. I was going to investigate the scene today and try and figure what exactly happened"
You feel the ozone smell again. You try to walk from the spot you're standing on. You can't move.
"Um, okay, are you really going to fry me here?"
"I am considering it. Speak in this tone again and find out"
Fuck around and find out, message received.
"I am sorry if I offended you, the sight of what I saw yesterday is still right in front of me. And it's horrible."
"I've seen it, pull yourself together, Collins"
Her eyes changed from black to almost steel. What kind of lightning is that?
"Here's what we're going to do. Your idea of investigating the scene seems rational. I will give you something that will help you. After you learn what you can you will return it. If something happens to the artifact there will be no words to describe how sorry you're going to be"
"Got it, I'll look after the artifact"
This time you know better than to argue with her. The room is most likely warded and you'll be toast before you can finish your argument.
"Good. Take the skull on your left."
You turn to your left and pick up the yellowed skull. It seems like the skull of an adult. There's no visible trauma.
Roll Intelligence+Occult
3 successes
When you pick up the skull you feel a chill run down your spine. Then you hear whispers. They are all around you and it's hard to make out what they are saying. Finally you see the ward in the room: it is a circle with some geometric shapes. It seems to be a protective ward tuned to the will of its creator. High-level stuff. Most of the wards are passive, but this one seems very powerful.
"I look forward to hearing from you, mister Collins. You know how to reach me."
And with that you feel that the conversation is over and it's time to remove yourself from the bookstore. As quickly as possible.
You walk out the bookshop, the skull is in your bag. What seemed to be like a 10-15 minute encounter turned out to be an hour long. It seems like the time in shop works differently than outside.
The time is 12:20

Now you need to go to the murder site. Your options are to take a cab (20 minutes), take a bus (40 minutes) or go on foot (1h 10 minutes)
Roll 1d3
3
You didn't manage to get a cab, and have missed several buses. Walking it is.
Time is 12:40
Will Sarah message me?
No
Will Tom message me?
No
Roll wits+awareness
2 crits. 2 successes
You feel like you're being watched. You look around trying to find the person following you.
Roll wits+investigation
1 crit. 2 successes
You manage to spot a person wearing a black coat, they look like a man. Average build, black or brown hair. You notice them for a moment, they notice it and disappear into the busy crowd.
You really need to be careful. This case seems to gather a lot of attention.
You arrive at the scene.

You are in front of the insurance office. The murder happened in the back alley.
Roll wits+awareness
1 success
You don't notice anything out of the ordinary for now and you don't see the person who was following you earlier.
Is the police still in the back alley?
Exceptional No
You circle the building and return to the back alley. You definitely don't feel good about this at all.
It seems like the police packed the shop and left without a trace. There are still some markings on the asphalt and brown stains all over the walls where the blood was but the place seems to be cleaned up.
Time to look for clues.
Roll intelligence + investigation
3 successes
reroll 2 dice
0 successes
reroll again
+1 success
+2 superficial willpower damage
Do I find any information on the victim?
No
Did officers leave something behind?
Yes
Did the wraith leave something behind?
No
Name: Color Th
Scavenge: Tool Success
You look around the scene. There is a notepad lying on the ground, it looks like it belonged to one of the police officers. It doesn't contain much but the last note reads:
"The victim's remains are sent to the lab. The victim has been identified as Hugo Melville by his ID and driver license."
Well, nice to meet you Hugo. Rather, WAS nice to meet you. You still hold your lost lunch against him. When you have the time you can hit up google and do some old fashioned search to find some information on the poor guy.
You still can use the skull to gather some information on the wrath who attacked mr. Mellville yesterday.
Roll intelligence+Occult
1 crit, 3 successes
Spell effect: Weapon Emotion
Powers: Colorful Nature
Visions and Dreams: Frightening and Obscure
You take the skull out of your bag. A familiar shiver runs through your body and you begin to notice things:
A colorful hot red energy all over the back alley. It's boiling and pulsing. This must be the attack residue.
Next, you feel an overwhelming emotion coming from the aura: it's rage. But you're not sure who's exactly.
And then you are transported somewhere. At first you see the blackness.
You know what it is.
It's cold. And there's nothing except this penetrating cold.
You float in this state for a moment and then you see the light
You move towards it
You are at the office desk. You are a little peeved as the previous client was a pain in the ass. Also, you are really thirsty.
You stand up and make your way towards the water cooler. From where the water cooler is at you can look at the window. It's a nice evening, you'll get off work soon. Maybe you'll hit a bar or go home and finish the show that you wanted to watch.
And then this feeling hits you.
You feel alone. So alone it's hard to describe. The people look at you in a weird way. What do these assholes know anyway?
And then you feel rage. You need a smoke.
It's weird: you were never a smoker. But you need one. Right now.
You exit the building without a word.
You go across the street to the convenience store.
"A pack of smokes and a lighter" you say
"Which one man? I'm not a psychic "
"Any kind just give me one"
You're almost ready to lunge at the clerk but he saves himself by giving you what you want.
You pay him and leave the store.
Then you go to the back alley.
You light the cigarette and inhale the smoke. You don't know how to smoke, you've never done it. But it feels so good.
Finally, after all these years.
Wait, what? What years?
This is not normal, this is not okay.
You try to resist, but your body doesn't want to obey you.
And there's a voice inside your head
"Sssssssssssssstop ffffffffffighting"
What the actual fuck
Your body now moves on it's own
The body finishes the cigarette, throws it on the ground
Then it inhales deeply
And it lets out a sigh
There's so much anger now in this body
The blood boils, temperature rises
The body wants to break things, break bones, break flesh
And it's hungry
It needs emotions, it needs fear, anger, despair
And you are feeding it
"Mooooore. Give me moooore"
You are scared. You didn't ask for this. You're just a normal person. You have no idea what's going on, it's terrifying.
"Yesssssss"
You need to fight back.
You gather all your strength, all your willpower.
The body's blood starts to boil.
The invader shrieks. It is furious.
You feel the heat, it's like a sauna. But it's inside your body.
The last thing you feel is an enormous amount of pain and a loud pop.
You come back to the present moment.
The last thing you have expected is to end up in the victim's body. But the information is useful.
It's not just a wraith, it's a specter.
And a very angry one at that.
You have no idea how it has managed to claw its way to this plane of existence but something needs to be done, or more people are going to get hurt.
You collect yourself for a moment. Dying even if it was a vision wasn't on your schedule.
With the skull still in your hand you look around, trying to see where the specter might have left after the attack.
Roll wits+occult
2 crits+4 successes
Location: Exposed Business
You turn around and see the aura trail from the scene to the street. You follow it.
The trail leads you to the street food stand. There are several people around it eating food and chatting. Nothing out of the ordinary so far.
Location: Exclusive Impressive
The trail continues. You follow it through the streets, past the hotel, you pass some shops, some cafes and restaurants.
You step off the main street and into the alley, then you pick up on the main street.
You follow the trail for some time. After a while you find yourself in the part of town you've never been before.
Detroit is full of hidden corners where you could see the traces of the past glory: some decrepit housing, some abandoned plants, warehouses and even business buildings.
But you know what you're looking at.
This place used to be a hotel and a country club, but now its main purpose is low-income housing. There's a goth club nearby, you've played some shows there.
The trail leads you to the apartment complex.
Well, time to examine this piece of history.
Roll intelligence+occult
1 crit, 3 successes
For a moment you feel like the skull is fighting you but you've managed to get it under control.
You look at the post boxes, this building has 7 floors.
Roll 1d7
7
Roll 1d100
87
The trail leads you to the 7th floor. You come up to the door, the number reads 87.
Chaos factor is now 7
Is the specter here?
Yes
You pull the door, it doesn't open.
Roll dexterity+larceny
2 successes
You pick the lock. The mechanism is old so it's not a big challenge.
The lock clicks open.
Roll intelligence+occult
2 successes
As the door opens the skull suddenly zaps you with what feels like an electric shock. You are startled and release it.
Roll dexterity+athletics
2 successes
You barely manage to catch the skull. You shudder at the thought what would happen if you didn't.
You put the skull in the bag for now.
If you wish to use magic, it takes time and you have to prepare the spell. The spell should be drawn on a piece of paper or any other surface. To activate the spell immediately you need to spend a point of willpower and make a skill check of intelligence + occult. A prepared spell requires no will power points. You need to describe what the spell does. The more complicated the spell is the more is the difficulty score. For a spell to take an effect you need to be hidden or unseen by corporeal beings.
You take a notepad from you pocket. You draw a circle and then you draw some geometric shapes. You as you drawing it you imagine being able seeing the supernatural entities
Roll intelligence+occult
3 successes
You feel a tingle and then you start to see more colors and black separates into the different shades. You see the air move and you feel a strong presence behind the door.
You knock on the door and then enter
As you enter the room you see a translucent man floating in the middle. He seems to be dressed in an old three-piece suit. He faces you and stares directly into your eyes. The man radiates malice.
"Howwww do youuuu sssshhe meee?"
"Man, the magician never tells"
Spirit tilts it's head studying you.
You put your hand into your pocket and find the piece of coal you carry with you. You rub your finger on it as much as you can and take out the hand from the pocket. You starting to trace a circle and some geometric shapes in order to stop the spirit and buy you some time to escape if you need to.
Roll stealth+dexterity+subterfuge
2 successes
Does the specter notice you drawing the shapes?
Unexpected random event, New NPC, Carry War
Identity: Natural Intense
Description: Young Creepy
You are preparing for the worst. You remember how he killed the poor guy basically on the whim. Even if you can defend yourself, you are not sure how you are getting yourself out of this building.
"Can I ask you one question?"
"hYoooou khaaaaan, but I khaaave a khondition"
The specter produces unbearable sounds, he is wheezing and coughing with every word. It really looks like he is not used to having conversations.
"Let's hear your conditions first"
"Hyooou khaaaaan hsseeeee meee, KHOOOOW"
He roars and the room shakes. You beginning to think that ghost negotiations are not your best suit.
"Simple, I know magic"
The specter starts to laugh. At least it looks like he laughs but the sounds are like a dying old car being turned on. You feel sick.
"Ghhooodd. My khnaame isssss Khlyle Khhrisssstian"
"Nice to meet you Lyle. Love your place by the way"
The only thing preventing you from going insane is the jokes. Stupid fucking jokes.
You get a feeling you are not getting out of here by yourself. This thing is going to ride you.
And then kill you.
It's too late to change the conditions of the spell, so maybe you have a chance to leave the building.
But if you do, nothing prevents your new pal to follow you.
And your heightened senses have an expiration date.
 About 10 minutes.
"Well, it was very nice to meet you, have a good time, mate"
You try to act nonchalant but the shakiness of your voice betrays you.
You feel the atmosphere getting heavier. It's hard to breathe.
This thing is preparing to attack you.
You need to act now.
Roll composure+resolve
1 crit+3 successes
You feel heavy, the air is thick, it's very hard to breathe.
He tried to possess you but you managed to withstand his attack.
You try to raise your hand and activate the spell you have prepared.
Roll Strength+Resolve
2 successes
Roll intelligence+Occult
1 crit+3 successes
It's suddenly so hard to control your limbs. It takes a feat of concentration to actually raise your hand and point your palm at the specter.
"Fucking freeze!"
You shout and activate the spell. Lyle is suspended mid motion. You don't have much time, the spell is not that powerful to begin with, especially against the very pissed off ghosts.
You bolt from the room and take the stairs.
Three turns and out to see how well you escape the building.
Roll Dexterity+Athletics
2 successes, 1 critical failure, 1 success
You take the stairs and almost roll though the floors.
6
5
You almost trip, but manage to catch yourself on a guard rail
5
4
And there you have it: you finally trip and something snaps and clicks in your shoulder as you connect with a wall.
+2 superficial damage
3
2
1
You reach the 1st floor. Your shoulder hurts like hell but you're still alive. For now at least.
You bust through the door. The air behind you is electrified, you feel the hair on the back of your neck stand up.
And then you're almost hit by a black van.
It screeches to a halt a mere meter in front of you.
You see the side door open and a familiar face appears.
"Get in goddamnit"
In different circumstances you would be angry or maybe scared. Right now you are glad to get out of here with some help, no matter what comes next it's better than becoming a ghost meal.
You hurl yourself into the van. Your dislocated arm makes you scream in pain.
Sam Thorne looks at you, making sure you got in the van. And then he faces the driver.
"The fuck you're waiting for, Ramirez? Fucking floor it!"
The van jumps from it's place, the side door shuts with the help of gravity.
You really would like to know how these guys tracked you, but the sudden tiredness and the pain have their own plans.
You lose consciousness in the wan.

Day 3
Chaos Factor is back at 5
You dream of darkness. It's not even a darkness - it's a void. There's no light, no sound, you feel nothing. You don't feel scared, you don't feel love or anger or guilt - you feel nothing.
It's a familiar place now, you've been here. You know you're dreaming.
Roll composure+intelligence
5 successes
You manage to stay in the dream and now you can consciously figure out what it all means.
Sensory - Vision & Dream: Trouble Mysterious
Meaning - Actions: Divide Agreement
Meaning - Descriptions: Fearfully Horrible
Miscellaneous - Cryptic Message: Abandoned Expose
You see a gray room. Inside it there are two people: a man and a woman. There is a red door behind them. As you approach two people you realize that these two people are Heather Moore and Sam Thorne. Both of them are suspended in the air and their heads are tilted forward as if they were hanged. There's a person lying on the floor between them. It's Tom. A second later it's Sarah. Whatever version of your friend is lying on the floor it's clear - they are also dead. Their hands are stretched both ways towards Heather and Sam. You step over the body and approach the door. The door is extremely cold to the touch. You touch the doorknob, turn it and push it towards yourself. The door opens. You notice that there's blood on your hand at the place where the doorknob touched the palm of your hand. You turn around. There's nobody in the room, just two ropes hanging mid-air.
"Why"
You hear a distant voice, it seems familiar.
"We trusted you"
The voice constantly changes - one moment it's male, the other - it's female.
"You have abandoned us"
"You monster"
You turn around and step inside the next room. At first it's pitch black, then there's a rustling sound, as if there's some water on the floor.
You feel the water rising.
At first it's up your ankles, then hips, then it's up to your waist.
And then there's a smell.
It's not water, it's blood.
You turn around and there's no door.
The only thing you see now is a bright light above you.
It slowly changes colors: white, blue, red, orange
Now the blood has reached your head.
It's hard to move and even if you could, there's nowhere to go.
It's darkness all around and the blood is cold.
You feel hunger, not like the times when you feel the need to eat food. It's more like when you didn't smoke for a whole day.
It's not hunger, it's a deep craving.
And the blood smells so good. It's sweet, spicy and alluring.
You start to drink it, and then the blood covers your head.
And then you wake up.
You are lying on a gurney. An IV drip is hooked up to your hand. There is some medical equipment around you. You hear a faint beeping of the heart rate monitor.
Your clothes are gone, the only thing protecting your modesty is a medical gown.
You try to assess the damage to your body. You remember dislocating your shoulder on the way down from the apartment complex. Good news - you can move it rather well. Bad news - it hurts like hell. Nothing a few painkillers can fix.
You remember boarding a van, Sam Thorne has tracked you all the way to the place of the encounter.
Roll intelligence+technology
3 successes
One thing you can think of is that the card Sam gave you at the club had a GPS tracker inside it. Clever, but they could just have hacked your phone - much more efficient and by the looks of things they do have means to do it.
Doesn't matter now. You have to get out of here and report to the Obl1v1on. And return her skull.
You try to stand up.
Roll strength+athletics
1 critical failure, 2 failures
You try to pick yourself up from the gurney and get back on your feet. You try to move carefully but the hurt shoulder gives in. You loose balance and plant yourself on the floor face first. It's going to leave some bruises.
+1 point of superficial damage.
You try to stand up again.
Roll strength+athletics
1 success
It takes a long time. You have to use the gurney to prop yourself up back on your feet. After several attempts you manage to do it.
By the time you are vertical the IV drip is left on the gurney and a small amount of blood is trickling from the place where the needle was.
You slowly move towards the door. Where the fuck are the doctors?
You push through the double doors into the hall. It's the same as the room you've been in - sterile, harshly lit and completely empty.
You need to find your equipment.
Roll wits+investigation
2 successes
You move through several hallways. They all look the same. You feel like you're in a bad dream.
Are there any signs on the wall?
Yes
You notice a sign on the wall. It reads:
"Administration —>
Evidence —->
Restrooms <—"
Well, time to hit the evidence locker and get your stuff back.
You move towards the indicated path and find yourself in front of the door. The door is locked with a numbered key lock. Did you think it would be that easy?
You reckon that the "Administration" room might have some clues on how to open the door.
Chaos factor is now 6
You limp towards the administrator's room. Wherever you are the scale of this place is impressive. You also notice another sign:
"Garage and parking —>"
Security ——>
Medical <—-"
Now you have more options. You decide to keep going towards the administrator room.
After some time you reach the administrator room.
Roll wits+awareness
2 crits+1success
You notice that there's actually someone inside the administrator's room. You either need to flush them out or try to sneak to the Security room.
Roll dexterity+stealth
2 crits+1 failure on the desperation die
The danger is now 3
You hear voices in the direction where the medical room was. You think they might have discovered your absence. You need to move.
Is there a guard at the Security room?
Yes
Roll wits+awareness
3 successes
There's a guard in the Security room. Now really need to think of something and quick: they are already looking for you (whoever 'they' actually are) and you need to get your things back and get the hell out of here (wherever 'here' is anyway).
Roll intelligence+subterfuge
3 successes
+1 superficial willpower damage
+1 success
You try to think of something to distract a guard with. Then you see an ashtray. You have an idea.
While the guard doesn't see you, you pick up some ash, rub it in your hands, crouch down the floor and begin to draw shapes inside the circle. You imagine guard falling asleep.
Roll intelligence+occult
3 successes
+1 superficial willpower damage
You wait for the spell to take an effect. The guard starts dozing off, but then he comes to his senses. The process repeats. It look like he is stuck in this loop for a while but you need to be VERY sneaky.
Roll dexterity+stealth
3 successes
+1 superficial willpower damage
+3 successes
You are the shadow itself. You sneak into the room, trying not to alert the guard and search around the room for the combination password.
Roll wits+investigation
1 success
You see nothing resembling a password. You try and search the guard for keys or anything useful.
Roll dexterity+larceny
1 crit+2 successes
You find a keycard. It is clipped to his belt. You need to free your find before you can do anything with it.
Roll dexterity+larceny
3 successes
You unclip the keycard. Now you have the way into the evidence locker.
Roll dexterity+stealth
1 success
You try to move quietly but you knock over a potted plant. The sound is deafening. You hear footsteps and voices coming towards you. You need to run.
Roll stamina+athletics
+1 superficial willpower damage
No successes
Chaos factor is now 7
You run, but you're to weak. The voices are much closer.
You try to find a place to hide, maybe you still can get your things.
Roll wits+awareness
3 successes
Do I find a place to hide?
Yes
You frantically run along the empty halls, your pursuers just around the corner behind you. Suddenly you see the maintenance closet - might be just the place to hide.
Is the door locked?
Yes
The door is locked, you need to unlock it and quick.
Roll dexterity+larceny
3 successes
It's a simple lock - you lift the door and fiddle with the lock. Then you hear a click.
You rush into the maintenance closet, softly closing the door behind you and locking it. You are not sure whether it will throw them off your track.
Is there a ventilation shaft access inside the maintenance closet?
Yes
Roll wits + awareness
3 successes
You look up and see a ventilation access. Now you have some chances to move past your pursuers.
You quietly unfold the stepladder and open the access hatch.
Climbing is still painful but you manage to squeeze in. The fit is very tight, but you have no choice.
You hear muffled voices:
"Do you have the location of the subject?"
"Negative, continue the search"
Good, you're a subject now.
You move forward, hoping to find some place to drop down. You feel the onset of claustrophobia.
Do I find the evidence locker while I'm in the ventilation shaft?
Exceptional yes
You almost miss it: there's a ventilation panel revealing a room with some shelves and lockers. Lucky you.
You open the panel and drop down. Shelves are almost empty but there are some loose items and some bags.
Roll wits+awareness
2 successes
After a while you find a duffel bag marked "Peter C.". You open the bag. Inside - your neatly folded clothes and your possessions. And, thank god, the skull is among them. You feel like the kidnapping would be a lame excuse to present to Heather.
You put your clothes on and gather yourself. You search inside the pockets of your coat - thank god the coal, your phone and cigarettes are still there.
You decide to look around a bit more inside the evidence locker. You feel like a redistribution of stolen things might be a nice finishing touch.
Are there any artifacts inside the evidence locker?
Yes
Magical item: Animal Energy
Magic Item: Food tool
Object: desired equipment
One thing you notice - a dagger. It has a simple design, though there are some symbols on the handle. You feel like you really need to take it with you.
You obey your compulsion and take the dagger with you.
Before you exit you think of something: you find the coal in your pocket, rub your finger on it and start tracing lines. Can try to become invisible.
Roll intelligence+occult
4 successes
You feel a tingle. You have no idea whether the spell is working. Only one way to find out.
You move towards the garage. You can still hear voices of the people looking for you but they are in the opposite direction of where you're heading.
You reach the door marked "Garage and parking" and try opening it.
Is the door locked?
No
Is the spell broken?
Yes
The handle turns and you enter the garage, The place is spacious, looks like the only way is up.
You also feel a tingle again. Hard to say what to make of this sensation but you still need to be quiet - invisible people can still be heard.
Do I meet anyone on the way up?
Exceptional no
On the way up you don't meet any people, not any cars. Either it's a day off or this place is not the busiest location.
You move several floors up and find the exit. You try the door - it's open.
Location: Modern Frantic
The sun blinds you. It's a little bit past afternoon. You step outside and find yourself in the downtown area of Detroit. You are actually impressed that a clandestine facility managed to be found downtown. And in this economy? They must be paying hell of a rent.
Despite the absurdity of the situation, you need to move. Heather is waiting and judging by your previous encounter she is not a patient type.
Are there any messages?
Yes
You turn on your phone, you have a message. It's from Heather.
"No1se, I hope I don't need to remind you of returning my property. Contact me immediately.
Obl1v1on"
The message seems almost friendly. Almost.
You reply:
"Sorry. I've ran into some trouble. Your property is safe with me and I have some news. Be there as soon as I can
No1se"
In a span of several months you worked out some ground rules of communication: no names and no specific information like addresses or anything else that can be traced to either of you. You reveal most of the information to each other via burner accounts on Signal and other encrypted messenger apps. Now you have an option to meet in person.
You walk for several blocks. You decide to take a bus, it would be less conspicuous.
The chaos factor is now 5
After some time you arrive at Between the Lines.
The time is 2 p.m.

The store seems to be in a similar state as you left it yesterday: still a screaming goth manifesto with a sign outside telling prospective patrons to have a cup of coffee inside. You roll your eyes a little bit but what can you do in the year 2023, when most of the reading is done digitally.
You step inside the bookstore. The atmosphere you picked up yesterday seems even heavier. You feel almost an extra gravitational pull, the air feels heavy. You hope this ambiance is not a reflection of its owner's disposition.
You come up to the counter, there's no one behind it. If it was any other person you would go straight to the office, but you remember that it's warded and you don't want to test what happens to unwanted guests.
"Took you long enough"
Roll wits+composure
2 successes
Your heart skips a beat and you almost jump in place. The voice behind you belongs to Heather Moore - the owner of this fine establishment.
"Fuck me, did you really need to scare me? I had enough excitement for one day, thank you very much."
"Mr. Collins, your excitement isn't over for today, I'm afraid. Not until you make a report of what happened. Please, follow me."
As you follow Heather you try and assess her age. She is definitely older than you but she acts as if she is both 10+ years older than you and your boss. You get a strange feeling of momentary anger: who does she think she is?
Roll wits+awareness
3 successes
Roll intelligence+composure
2 successes
Well, you can't really tell her age. Especially from the back. Maybe next time you have a chance too look at her you will be able to tell definitively.
More important: now you are really pissed about the thought of Heather Moore acting as your boss. YOU did all the legwork, YOU faced the fucking specter and came out alive. And now she is giving you a cold shoulder?
Roll intelligence+composure
4 successes
Whoa there, calm down. It's true that you're getting under appreciated here, but there are two things: first, you actually did this of your own free will. Second: she can fry your sorry ass if you manage to piss her off.
Heather turns around as if sensing the struggle inside you:
"Something you want to share, Mr. Collins?"
"Could you please call me Peter? This formality makes me feel like I'm being called to the principal's office"
Roll wits+awareness
1 success
Her face tells you nothing, who knows what she's thinking.
"Mr. Collins, we have a business arrangement. As partners I cannot allow such frivolities. We are absolutely not friends, at least for now."
At least for now? You both have been risking your lives for at least four months. It seems your idea of comradery differs quite significantly from hers.
You step into the office. You gingerly try top stay outside the ward circle.
Roll charisma+manipulation
contested: 3 vs. 10 - fail
"Mr. Collins, I'm not going to subdue you. Yesterday was a precaution."
You feel relieved but still cautious.
"First things first: I trust my artifact is intact?"
You nod, take out the skull from your bag and place it on her desk.
Heather studies it, and puts it on the bookshelf, seemingly satisfied.
"Now, I would like to hear what happened to you yesterday to make you look like this"
She extends her hand and makes a circling gesture as if she doesn't know where to begin describing your scratches, bruises and disheveled clothes.
You recount how you were followed, the scene of the crime, the energy residue and the vision. How you followed the energy trail and confronted Lyle Christian, the hostile specter. you describe how you were intercepted by the agents of Inner Data after which you woke up in a secret medical facility. You tell her how you've escaped this facility.
Heather Moore's eyes are wide by the time you finish the story. She is bewildered with how so many things could have gone so wrong. She looks at you and then begins to pace around the room.
She mumbles something under her breath, she also starts wildly gesturing to herself.
Roll wits+awareness
6 successes
Conversation: Mocking Combative
Motivation: Business Diminish
"How, I tried to… No, this is not the time… Ugh, what should I do…"
She is aggravated. Her eyes are wide, her right hand is clenched in fist and now almost white.
"You do understand the magnitude of your fuckup? I believed you to be a professional, a man who can get the job done. Now you've gone and put the eyes of a fucking government agency on yourself and potentially on me. You go and confront a murdering wraith when I explicitly told you just to gather information on the murder scene. You think you are what, immortal? Look at yourself, you're a mess! "
Given you've only seen her a couple of times now, this is quite unusual. Heather Moore has dropped her cold facade completely and now she's almost screaming at you. You also feel like you notice something extra strange about her.
Roll wits+awareness
6 successes
She is crying. You don't really know if it's anger tears or something else entirely - but she is still berating you. This feels weird.
This continues for a minute or two and then she abruptly stops. She's breathing heavily, her mascara runs a little bit in a couple of places, her cheeks are red.
You need to choose your words carefully.
"Heather, I wasn't going to let this fucking psycho to murder someone else. I have actually seen and felt it happened and it is absolutely terrible. We protect people from these monsters and I would gladly risk my life if it meant that no one else is hurt. I agree I was careless, but now we have some information that we can work with. As for the agency - I'll be more careful in the future. I won't let them get a drop on me."
She listens to you, but says nothing. Her usual cold self is back now, almost. While you were giving your passionate speech she fixed her makeup and her breath is now steady, as it was before. One thing that you clearly see now - her eyes are filled with anger. And also sadness?
"I am going to tell you something. I believe you proved yourself enough to know at least this much."
She pauses, collects herself and then continues.
"You know that I deal in information. I am a fixer. People have questions about the supernatural and I provide them with answers. From time to time I pick people, the Hunters, who are resourceful and are able to work very delicate jobs. You are one of them. Truth be told by now you are the only one of those people. Three Hunters I was mentoring were assigned the same job as you. None of them are alive now. "
You are dumbstruck. You thought this was more or less a normal threat. Now it seems like you are just a lucky guy who is on over his head.
"The first partner of mine was killed in the same manner as you would have - if you weren't so lucky. Next two Hunters vanished without a trace. Either they are dead, in a process of dying or being worked on in some basement, most likely the same one you've seen. Two of them told me the same story - they were approached by a gentleman who expressed an interest in their abilities. Each time it's a different company. Most of all, these two specialized in wraith hunting - the same as you are. I have several theories - either they are trying to get to me in some weird and convoluted way, or there's something else. I believe it's the latter."
You feel a shiver running through you - there were three people before you and neither one of them managed to deal with this specter. And now they are gone. Or worse.
"Have you heard of Orpheus?"
"A Greek legend?"
"Correct direction, but wrong. Orpheus is a corporation who deals with hauntings and wraiths. They also deal in corporate espionage, assassinations and a whole deal of shady services. Their reach is alarmingly wide and judging by the pattern of the communication efforts - they are looking for something. I believe Mr. Christian has escaped their confinement while they were experimenting on him. After all, it is a specter of great power. I won't ask if you were followed - Orpheus operatives can access any place they can get into that is not warded against unwanted visitors of spectral kind. Briefly put - they can astral project and follow you without being seen. So, this is my theory."
You think for a second. You've never heard of this. Sure, your typical FBI Special Affairs Division and Information Awareness Office are well known - they act with the grace of an elephant and don't care about the means. If it were them, you would have already been sitting in a basement somewhere in Quantico or in some secret prison.
The religious nutjobs don't usually get in the way, although they're not as hostile. Game recognizes the game after all, even if you use magic.
The prospect of a corporation who can come and go absolutely unseen and do whatever they want - now this is actually scary.
Good thing this place is warded.
As if hearing your inner monologue, Heather continues:
"Now, to the matter at hand. First things first - you are in danger. I don't think the specter will come for you, but the Orpheus might. After all, you actually survived the encounter with their little project and they can not allow the information to spread. And they also can't let the wraith pass on. You will stay here and do research. Learn as much as you can. Tonight we will hunt this being and deal with Orpheus afterwards."
"Wait, you're coming too?"
"We're too deep in this. I can not afford to sit and watch as people I trust go out and die. I would need to go and call in some favors, it won't be just the two of us."
You're lost for words. You want to hug Heather, or kiss her - though both of this options are out of the question.
She continues:
"You have this library and internet at your disposal. As well as the coffee machine."
You could swear she smiled for a brief moment.
"Sounds great. By the way, can I smoke here?"
Heather sighs wearily:
"Yes, you can."
Now we're talking.
"I would need to attend to the shop, it's too early to close after all."
She opens a desk drawer and gives you a small bottle. There's a purplish fluid inside.
"Seeing as you are hurt, this might help you"
You hesitate for a moment and then you open the bottle and drink the fluid. You feel a pleasant burning inside.
Heal 2 points of superficial damage and three points of willpower damage
And with that she stands up and exits the room. Before she exits she turns around and pauses as if she wants to say something. A second later she opens the door and returns to the shop.
You are left with a copious amount of books, volumes, tomes and a laptop, sitting on a coffee table in the corner. You begin your research.
Roll resolve+academics
+2 superficial willpower damage
6 successes
Clue type: Informally written notes, scraped notepads
Clue type: Public awareness, rumors, poster, film
Object by function: Poison, immobilize, trap, hinder
Object by form: Shiny, light-emitting, bright, white
Object by state: Public property, shared, common, regular
Enemy deeds: Committed a murder, or sent an order to
Enemy deeds: Denied a truth, was found innocent, told lies
After many hours you manage to put together a cohesive picture.
Lyle Christian was a controversial person. Information on him dates back to 1920's where he's described as an entrepreneur with a decicevely shady morals. During the Great Depression he was selling alcohol, working with mafia and all of this in a form of legitimate business. Of course he got caught. He was arrested for murdering a rival businessman. The details are scarce, but what's available paints a picture of an exceedingly brutal murder.
From what you can gather it's not clear whether he's done it or not, there are a lot of conflicting reports. In the end, his trial was made a public spectacle and he was convicted. The death sentence. It looks like the public record of Lyle Christian stops here.
You also find a lot of reports on mysterious homicides dating back to 1950's, 1970's, 1990's and finally - 2019 and counting. These reports are in line of what you're expecting: an unbelievably brutal execution of a seemingly random person, suspect has not been found. There are at least 10 of these reports that have some substantial information. As time goes on there are less and less details about the incidents, and the reports stop altogether after 2021.
You find that reports began to appear again a year ago. Same MO, no suspect. And then the details vanish again.
You suspect that Orpheus must have paid a lot of money for the press to go quiet about these murders. And after Lyle escaped they had to do it again.
After reading through several tomes on wraith and exorcism you find several ways to expel a vengeful spirit:
Help them finish their unfinished business
Perform a ritual on their remains
Enchant a silver dagger with a ritual and destroy the corporeal form of the wraith
There are several problems: Lyle doesn't seem to want to stop, even after almost a hundred years of rampage and helping him means actually murder people. Out of the question.
Problem number two: there's no possible way to determine where the remains of Lyle Christian are now. And you don't have time to search for them.
The only thing that's left: a knife fight with a ghost.
You are exhausted. You mind swims. You've spent 4 or 5 hours pouring over every book and source you can find. But now you have a plan.
Heather returns with a pot of freshly brewed coffee. It smells heavenly. You pour yourself a cup: it tastes better than it smells.
-1 superficial willpower damage
You tell Heather of your findings.
"Good job. As I thought, it's not going to be easy to put this specter to rest. I have made some phone calls, we will have some backup at least."
"When are we going to do it?"
"Preferably - today. I still have not received the information on when our backup will be available."
There's something on the back of your mind, you're trying to remember what it is.
Roll intelligence+composure
1 success
Whatever it is ti must be not as important, otherwise you would've remembered it.
Roll willpower
1 success
Your eyes become extremely heavy. You struggle to stay awake as Heather is telling you something but you loose train of the conversation and fall asleep.

SEVERAL HOURS LATER

You are awakened by the vibration of your phone. It's Sarah.
The band practice! Well, now you've definitely not making out alive.
Random Event: Haggle Hope
You pick up the phone:
"You better say you were in a car crash and both of your legs are gone because it's the only reason I will accept for you not showing up today"
"Sarah…"
"Don't you fucking Sarah me. You don't text, you don't call and you stand us up. Again."
"Listen, I've actually been in an accident. I got assaulted yesterday. I am so sorry I couldn't make it, maybe we can do it tomorrow?"
Right, like you don't have murdering psychics on your tail. You feel physically sick lying to her like that.
Sarah stops for a second as if deciding whether to believe you or not.
Roll charisma+manipulation
2 successes
"Are you fucking shitting me? You actually think I'll buy this crap? Where are you now?"
"Huh? Why?"
"So I can come and break your legs in person. And this time Tom is not going to help you."
"Fine. I'm at the bookstore called Between The Lines. It's on the 4859 Grand River Avenue."
"What, are you kidding me? Whatever, prepare your kneecaps."
Sarah hangs up.
Now you feel more shitty than you were before. You've never imagined a situation where you would have to lie like this to one of your closest friends.
You notice that Heather has actually covered you with a blanket while you were sleeping. How nice of her.
You step out of the office into the shop and look at the watch
8 p.m.
The store is about to close, though there is only one customer. You hope he still will be here when Sarah will come and end your sorry life. At least you'll have witnesses.
You come up to Heather, who's writing something frantically behind the counter.
"Hey, um… Is it okay if my friend comes to talk for a minute?"
At first she doesn't register your question, then she spins around and looks at you. She doesn't say anything, she just blinks as if she sees you for a first time and you've just asked her if you could borrow her kidney.
After a while she answers:
"You know, you're the most outrageous person I've worked with. At least you didn't think of going out or I'll be scraping you off the pavement. I hope this friend of yours is worth risking your and their safety."
It's funny how she isn't concerned about her safety but then you remember that she probably has this place booby trapped from front to back with spells.
She sighs wearily again, turns around and continues her writing. You come around and see that she has a tome in front of her and she is copying the description of a ritual. So you're actually going to fight a wraith with a magic knife.
Half an hour passes. You've been asking Heather questions about the ritual and you both make sure that you have everything you need to complete it. You both search the store and find every item you need for the spell.
If only there was a spell to calm down a furious lady who just barged into the store and almost knocked down a customer who was heading out with their purchase.
She stops in the middle of the store and looks at you. Her nostrils are flaring as if she was running the whole time. Her hair is disheveled, as if by the storm. Her fists are clenched. She looks at you again and her anger subdues a little bit, now she has a confused stare.
Roll wits+awareness
3 successes
There's something faintly odd about how Sarah looks, but you're not sure what exactly to look for.
"Dude, you look like absolute shit."
"Yeah, I've missed you too"
"No, I mean it: who's done you like this?"
"'Um, there was a guy in the alleyway, a real psycho. Almost sent me to the forefathers"
Sarah's confused face has become confused even more.
"Why didn't you tell me? And why didn't I get a call - I'm your emergency contact"
"Um, I honestly don't know. I don't remember how I got into the hospital."
This whole time you've heard the sound of pen writing on the paper. Then it stops and you hear a voice behind you:
"Excuse me, miss, can I offer you some tea or coffee?"
You turn a little bit to face Heather as well.
"And you are?"
"My name is Heather, I'm a friend of Peter's"
You remember how earlier today she told you you are nothing more than colleagues. A bit ironic, but at the same time she wouldn't go around telling people that you both hunt monsters in your spare time.
"Oh, I see. I'm Sarah. What was that about the coffee?"
"Coming up"
She faces away from you both to turn on the coffee machine.
You step closer to Sarah. There are so many things you want to tell her - all of this ghost hunting business, how sorry you are and how you are hurting having to lie to her.
"Listen, Sarah. I am so sorry. I was going to call you but…"
"You fucking dumbass"
She rushes towards you and gives you a strong hug, almost taking the air out of your lungs.
You embrace her as well. You hear her cry.
"I was so fucking worried, you weren't answering out calls. I though you fucking died. You were acting so weird lately I thought something might have happened to you"
She is sobbing into your chest. You feel her anger and how relieved she is that you're alright. You swallow a lump in your throat and hug her tighter.
"Just fucking promise me you won't do this shit again, please"
"I'll try, Sarah, I promise."
Sarah punches you lightly in your shoulder.
"You better fucking try…"
She doesn't finish her sentence and is sobbing again.
And then you hear the sound of a cup smashing on the floor.
You and Sarah both startled, break the hug and face the source of the sound.
Chaos Factor is now 7
Roll wits+awareness
3 successes
You see Heather standing with a cup in one hand and a dagger in another. She looks like she's ready to pounce at any moment.
In front of Heather there's a figure you've seen before. It's Lyle Christian.
And then it hits you: this thing rode Sarah to this place. He came with her, that's why wards didn't trigger.
As this realization hits you, you hear a thud on your left. You turn around and see Sarah's body collapsed on the floor.
No,no,no,no,no,no
Not her, please. Anyone but her.
Heather turns a little bit to see the source of the sound without letting the wraith out of her sight. She turns back to face Lyle again.
"Is she okay?"
You fall to the ground and check Sarah's pulse.
Roll intelligence+medicine
1 success
You frantically pinch her slender wrist with you thumb and index finger. You are actually so shaken up that you don't feel anything. Or maybe she is gone.
"I don't know, I don't fucking know, Heather "
"Peter, get your shit together and help me, please."
You feel tears coming up. Sarah and Tom are two people you would give our life to protect. And now you've fucked up.
You get up again. There's one thing you can do and it's getting this asshole to disappear into the fucking oblivion he came from.
"Khahhhh, dkhe madgeeee"
His voice sounds as terrible as before. Shivers are running down your spine, you feel nauseous. The air in the shop is heavy, it's hard to breathe again.
"Lyle, why don't you kindly fuck off and leave us alone?"
"Oh, I actually came to talk to you. How rude."
At first you are startled since it's Lyle talking but you hear a familiar girl's voice, and then you see:
He's now speaking in Sarah's voice. More then that, he's speaking through Sarah.
"The Orpheus. They know where you are. And they know where I am. I am going to kill all of them, then I'm coming for you both. Don't think you little magic tricks will work on me this time."
Roll wits+awareness
+1 superficial willpower damage
3 successes
You see Heather's hand is moving in patterns you don't recognize. She is bleeding from her thumb. There's a dagger you brought from the medical facility under her hand. So, she is performing a ritual. That means you have to stall.

You move away from Sarah's body - there's nothing you can do now for her. You try to distract the wraith in order to give Heather some time to finish the ritual. You will actually have to piss this guy off in order for her to have a bit of a chance.
"Lyle, you fucking dork. You actually think that hijacking my friend will scare me or something? You're a fucking disgrace of a ghost, I tell you."
Roll charisma+performance
+1 superficial willpower damage
3 successes
You are, in fact, scared. Scared for Sarah and scared of this thing that is floating towards you. The wraith exudes a menacing stifling atmosphere.
"Oh, so you think you can escape this time? I told you, your magic won't work on me now."
"I don't think I will be using magic this time"
You pick up a bar stool near you and hurl it towards the specter.
Roll strength+athletics
2 successes
Predictably, the stool phases through the wrath. You weren't going to harm him, you just needed to get him angry enough so he would forget about Heather.
The wraith screams through Sarah. She is convulsing on the floor, her mouth agape, eyes wide open. The noises she makes are inhuman. The air is getting thicker, like a jelly. Items around you begin to tremble. And then they rise into the air.
And these items are flying towards you.
3 rounds and out to evade the projectiles. DC is 3
Roll dexterity+athletics
2 successes, 0 successes, 2 successes
+1 superficial willpower damage
2 successes, 1 success, 2 successes
Your plan is somewhat good. The one unfortunate thing is that you are physically drained: your movement is sluggish, limbs barely obey you.
You are clocked by a weighty book in your jaw, then a glass breaks and one of the shards slashes you across the face. And then a familiar bar stool is flying towards you and plows through your midsection.
+4 superficial health damage
You are thrown to the ground, you frantically gasp for air. You didn't think that this would go so poorly.
Now the wraith is almost above you. You see the various items are following him through the air. This thing is laser-focused on inflicting as much bodily harm as possible.
More than that, the aura this emanates is unbearable. You feel the sheer terror overtake your body.
Roll unspent willpower
1 success
You can't stand it, this feeling is too overwhelming. You back away from the specter, crawling on your hands and legs.
The broken glass cuts your hands but you're too scared to notice it.
Lyle Christian hovers over your beaten body and laughs. Sarah is still rolling on the floor, her mouth is wide open and producing unbelievable sounds that might constitute laughter. Tears streak over her contorted face. You see pain in her eyes.
Then the building begins to shake. It's as if the wrath of Lyle took the form of a hurricane and is threatening to tear this bookstore apart.
And then the laughing stops.
You see Heather Moor behind the specter. And she's sticking the dagger through his incorporeal form. Because of the ritual the dagger can do some real damage now.
Sarah stops contorting on the ground and seemingly loses consciousness.
Then you see the light coming from the place where the dagger met the wraith's body. The noises this being makes are hard to describe: part anger, part pain and a lot of hatred.
Then there's a flash and the wraith's form disappears.
You see Heather run up to you. She says something but your brain can't process information right now. You are too hurt, too tired.
You close your eyes and drift into blackness.
Day 4

The danger level is now 2
You dream of darkness. It's not even darkness - it's a void. There's no light, no sound, you feel nothing. You don't feel scared, you don't feel love or anger or guilt - you feel nothing.
It's the same place again. The dream.
Roll composure+intelligence
2 successes
You see some shapes. You hear sounds. For a second you can smell metal. But mostly you feel alone and cold. My god, it's so cold in here.
And then you wake up
You are in some place you don't recognize. You are lying on the sofa.
Roll strength+athletics
2 successes
You try to stand up or to move an arm at least. You can't. Your body is too beaten up.
Your attempts to move your head are met with flashes of pain.
Roll wits+awareness
7 successes
From a corner of your eye you see a familiar leather jacket - so Sarah is also here.
You carefully move your head to look around.
Domicile: Temporary Utilitarian
The place is clearly a bit neglected: there are boxes all over the place, there's almost no furniture. The air smells a bit stale.
You try to stand up again
Roll strength+athletics
3 successes
With a lot of effort you manage to sit and then stand up. You almost trip over Sarah - she's laying right near you on a mattress. You lean closer to look at her face - she's unharmed, there are small cuts on her forehead and cheeks, but nothing alarming. You imagine you much worse now.
You brush a side of her face and feel a sting of guilt. She shouldn't be involved in this. And she definitely didn't deserve a psychopath riding in her body.
As you touch her face you see her eyelashes flutter and eyes open. Sarah looks empty-minded for a few seconds and then her eyes regain focus. She almost jumps in her place and grabs you by the shoulders.
"What. the. fuck. happened?"
You look at her, the guilt wells up in you. You hug Sarah and hold her for a few moments. Eventually she hugs you back.
"I am sorry, I am so sorry"
"Peter, look at me"
You let Sarah go and meet her eyes. She's not angry, she's actually sad.
"First of all, next time there's a murdering asshole trying to puppeteer me - please let me know in advance"
She forces a smile and a single tear falls down the blanket she's covered with.
"Can you just explain to me why I was saying all these things? What was all that?"
She was conscious during the possession. You feel even worse now.
You briefly describe to her that you and Heather found out about the wraith and were trying to stop him after he murdered several people. You tell Sarah that Heather is actually an occult pro and you were trying to learn about these things for a while.
You finish your explanation and look at Sarah. Her eyes are wide and she's trying to comprehend what you're saying.
"So you like what, ghostbusters? Dean and Sam Winchester?"
"Not really but you can call us that if it helps. We were working together for a few months now."
"I just don't understand how this Lyle found out about me"
"Ghosts can go wherever they please. Apparently they have the whole plane of existence to themselves, though I've never seen it. That's what Heather's book say anyways"
"I just can't believe this stuff is real. So, if the afterlife is real then God is real too?"
"I honestly don't know and I hope he's not. I would rather try not to imagine this."
You both sit in silence for a few minutes. Sarah is deep in thought, you're just looking at her. You can't even begin to imagine what you would do if anything bad happened to her. It already has, but there could be even worse things for her out there.
You touch her shoulder, breaking Sarah's concentration
"I'm so glad you're alright. I don't know what I would do if something bad happened to you"
She just looks at you, your eyes meet. Instinctively your hand finds hers, she clutches it. You don't remember who leans closer first, but the outcome is the same - you two kiss.
Your mind blanks for five or more minutes. Eventually you both get some distance from each other.
"You idiot"
Sarah hugs you. You can hear she's crying softly again.
You hug her back and stroke the back of her head. You whisper something reassuring, Sarah's hands are clutching your t-shirt.
That's where you hear the sound of the door unlocking. You and Sarah immediately stop whatever you were doing and now are sitting apart from each other. She's still holding your hand.
You see Heather come in. She looks different - her usual goth attire is replaced with plain clothes, hair is now falling freely on her shoulders. She has a large bulky bag over her shoulder and some grocery bags in her hands.
"You're awake now, good"
She puts everything she was carrying on the table and looks at you both.
"Peter, how are you feeling?"
"Like I was fucked up by an angry ghost"
Heather smiles and looks at Sarah
"Sarah, you're alright?"
Sarah wipes her tears quickly
"Yeah, more or less. Peter brought me up to speed on what's happened. Absolutely freaky stuff you guys are dealing with"
Heather nods her head and looks back at you
"The specter is gone, at least for now. I don't think we have "killed" him, but it would be a long while until he can come back. We have one more problem still"
"Orpheus"
You sigh wearily. You like the attention, but not from murdering and spying corporations.
"The what now?"
Yeah, you haven't told Sarah yet about the Orpheus, the wraith was more pressing.
"I thought you told her everything she needs to know. Though I understand that telling her everything in one go would make it difficult for her to process everything"
Sarah looks at you inquisitively. Her eyes are wide, she's' terrified. You grip her hand stronger.
"Sorry, but Heather is right. We're not safe. Yet"
You tell her about the Orpheus corporation - what they do and what shady cervices they provide. You also tell Sarah that the whole deal with Lyle was their fault, since they couldn't contain him.
Sarah is sitting deep in contemplation again. You and Heather are watching her closely, not saying another word. Then she stands up and starts pacing around the room.
"So you're telling me there's a corporation who can just fucking murder you through walls? With ghosts?"
Heather laughs shortly and replies
"Well, you can put it that way "
"And now they're hunting me and Peter because of some asshole ghost? What even is this bullshit?"
Sarah's furious. You rarely see this reaction when anyone tells you about the whole separate supernatural world, but it would definitely be her to get mad at all this.
In front of you on a kitchen table there's a glass. And then the glass shatters with a loud noise. Shards are flying everywhere.
You and Heather quickly start looking around, trying to see the cause of this.
Roll intelligence+occult
4 successes
You look at Sarah and you see something, almost as if the air around her changed when the glass exploded.
Sarah misses a step and looks around nervously. Then she looks at you as if asking if you've seen what you just witnessed.
"Um, Heather. I feel like Mr. Christian might have left a present to Sarah."
Heather's eyes widen for a second
"We need to research this and teach Sarah to control this, if needed. We don't want to bring any more unwanted attention, especially to a beginner like her."
So Heather is already addressing Sarah as if she is a part of this. This definitely escalated quicker than you though it would.
"So what, I'm a freak now?"
Sarah looks at you both, her body is shaking.
Roll wits+awareness
3 successes
You see the air around her change again, you need to calm her down or she might hurt herself.
You step closer to Sarah and hold her hands
"Listen, I know you're scared. This is a lot to take in. Me and Heather will help you. You'll be alright"
Roll charisma+persuasion
+1 superficial willpower damage
2 successes
Random event: Debase Elements
You try to calm her down, but she's too emotional right now. You feel the air change it's consistency again: now it's much more visible. It's as the heat is coming off Sarah, but her body is completely fine.
Then you see some items start rising in the air and fly around the room. It's random but then they all start flying in the same direction as if it's a localized hurricane.
Mugs smash across the wall, there are several knives that are now stuck in the wall, one of the grocery bags is flying violently across the room, scattering it's contents. Finally a small jar flies across the room and breaks the window. It doesn't fall for while but continues to move forward as if shot from a cannon.
The air subdues and everything returns to normal.
This whole time you were hugging Sarah, trying to protect her with your body from flying items.
Heather, on the other hand, has gone prone on the floor, which in retrospect was a much smarter choice. It's a miracle you and Sarah are unharmed.
Heather stands up, straightened her clothes
"Goddmanit, my store, NOW"
Sarah snaps back to reality, looks around assessing the damage her new powers have done to the apartment
"Heather… I'm sorry. Sorry for the window"
You and Heather scoop up confused Sarah and make way downstairs. Heather leads you to the parking lot and opens her car.
You travel to Heather's bookstore. During your trip Sarah is trying to apologize for the damage she has done.
"Well, it's not my place, so you don't have to apologize. Bad news: I now have to fix all of this, starting with you. It's partially my fault you're like this."
You are at the bookstore again. The sign on the door, predictably, says "Closed". Inside it looks like a small tornado hit the building: there are some cracks in the walls, books are scattered across the floor, some of them are damaged. You hope these are not important ones. The furniture is wrecked and scattered across the store as well. Heather hastily guides you to her office.
"Put her in the circle"
You look at Sarah reassuringly, telling her that it will be alright.
"Okay, here's the plan. It looks like Mr. Christian has awoken something in dear Sarah yesterday. Something dormant. It seems that it's some sort of psychic power that came loose after the possession. We need to find the cause and help Sarah to keep it at bay. Peter, you handle the research here, I'll see what I can find anything in the store."
And with that she leaves the room. Only you and Sarah are in the office right now.
You put a chair and a laptop in front of Sarah.
"Listen, it's better to keep yourself occupied than sitting here just thinking about what happened. I want to help you and maybe you will also find something worthwhile. While you're in this circle nothing bad will happen to you."
Is there anything wrong about the circle?
Unexpected random event: Activity Dispute
It seems odd though that this circle will keep Sarah's newfound power stable, rather convenient in your opinion.
Roll intelligence+occult
4 successes
Something doesn't add up. The day before you couldn't move while you were in the circle - this is either a trick to make Sarah obedient or something else entirely.
Roll wits+occult, difficulty is 4
1 success
You try and sense the atmosphere in the room, the air around the circle. No matter how hard you try, you can't see or sense anything out of the ordinary.
You need to be careful around here, something is going on. You try and think of the ways to protect Sarah if anything wrong happens.
Roll wits+investigation
4 successes
Objects: Creepy Bright
Objects: Equipment Rare
You find a dagger that looks ceremonial. It's handle is carved in symbols you don't recognize. The dagger emanates malice.
Magic item: Create Others
Is the skull in the office?
Exceptional No!
Is there anything else useful in the office?
Yes!
Object: Light New
Object: Lethal Equipment
Is that a gun?
Exceptional yes!
You rummage through Heather's table. Predictably, most of the drawers are locked, but the one you open contains something you didn't really expect.
It's a handgun.
It looks barely used, some sort of 9mm pistol.
Is there anything in the drawer?
Exceptional Yes!
Object: Small Moving
Object: Official Deactivated
There's some sort of device with insignia on it. You can try and remember if you have ever seen this symbol.
Is this a governmental insignia?
Yes
Roll intelligence+politics
3 successes
It looks vaguely familiar but you can't waste any more time trying to remember where you have seen this insignia.
You close the drawer, pocket the mysterious item and come up to Sarah.
You give her the gun.
"Listen, I know I said that we're safe here, but just in case. Do you know how to use it?"
"What do you mean 'Just in case' ? What's going on?"
You see the visible signs of concern and fear on Sarah's face. She isn't prepared at all for what might happen,
"I am not sure, but better be safe than sorry"
Sarah hesitates for a second and takes the gun from you. She looks at it for a second then hides it in her jacket.
Now you have some semblance of a contingency. You still have to figure out what happened to Sarah.
Roll resolve+academics
+1 superficial willpower damage
2 successes
You look through Heather's books trying to find anything that might describe what happened and how to deal with the current situation.
Cryptic message: Help Messy
Cryptic Message: Truce
Spell Effect: Undead Detect
Unfortunately, you don't find much: there are some mentions of latent psychic powers awakening in adults, though it's not clear on what the nature of this "awakening" is. You also find a mention of a ritual that can disable these powers. The description seems like a rather messy ritual requiring a sacrifice. You doubt Sarah would agree to nay of this.
Strangely, you find a mention of some people with psychic powers being able to detect undead. Useful, but not relevant.
Does Sarah find anything?
Yes!
Does her find describes how to control her powers?
Yes!
PUM:
Clue type: Public awareness, rumors, poster, film
Clue type: Personal item, distinctive markings
Suddenly you hear Sarah's voice
"Oh, I think I've found something!"
She shows you the excerpt from a book. The book is called "The Codex of Arcane Minds". The scan looks rather old.
The excerpt reads:
"In the depths of the human psyche lies the untapped potential for mastery over the unseen forces that govern our world. Through disciplined practice and unwavering dedication, one can unlock the dormant abilities of the mind, transcending the limitations of the physical realm.
To master the psychic powers is to embark on a journey of self-discovery and enlightenment. It begins with the cultivation of mental discipline, honing the mind to a razor-sharp focus capable of penetrating the veil that separates the material world from the realms of the unseen.
The first step on this path is the awakening of the Third Eye, the psychic center located within the brow chakra. Through meditation and introspection, one must learn to quiet the incessant chatter of the conscious mind and attune themselves to the subtle vibrations of the universe.
With the Third Eye open, the practitioner gains access to a realm of knowledge and insight beyond the comprehension of the uninitiated. They may perceive the auras of living beings, discern the thoughts and emotions of others, and even glimpse into the future with clarity and precision.
But mastery over the psychic powers is not without its dangers. The untrained mind is vulnerable to the chaotic energies that swirl through the cosmos, and those who wield their gifts recklessly may find themselves consumed by madness or corruption.
Thus, it is imperative that the seeker of arcane knowledge approach their studies with caution and humility. Only through discipline, diligence, and a profound respect for the mysteries of the mind can one hope to unlock the true potential of their psychic abilities and ascend to the pinnacle of enlightenment."
Does the excerpt contains any useful information?
Yes!
Roll intelligence+occult
4 successes
The text is mostly an enlightened babble, describing the endless possibilities of the human mind. You've seen this a thousand times: the fake books on "How to unlock your chakra and become happy" or any form of magical thinking - the manifestation of one's wishes.
One thing that piques your interest is the notion of psychic powers being connected to emotions. That is definitely the case since the first episode occurred when Sarah became angry. You also think that the wraith's anger might have done something to Sarah. These new powers, however fascinating they are, still a product of possession.
"Well, I think we have our first clue."
"Huh, I honestly thought this was a bunch of bullshit"
"Well, the most important information is often hidden between the lines. I think your new powers are connected to your emotions. Though we still have to understand how to keep you safe"
Sarah becomes less tense, the news of the progress - no matter how small, is comforting.
She's still dangerous to herself and to the others around her. You need to find away to make sure nobody gets hurt.
Did Heather find anything?
Yes
Did she find the reason Sarah unlocked her powers?
Yes
Does Heather know how to help Sarah?
Yes
You tell Sarah you need to consult Heather on her findings - or maybe she has also found something. Also you need to figure out what this whole magic circle inconsistency means.
You gently place your hand on Sarah's shoulder
"Everything's going to be fine. I promise."
She gives you a weak smile and then pulls out her phone.
You step outside the office, into the shop.
Is Heather talking to someone?
Yes
Conversations: Positive Awkward
Cryptic Message: Colorful Innocent
You see Heather talking on the phone to someone:
"Yes. No, Why… No, I don't…"
Roll dexterity+stealth
3 Successes
She doesn't seem to notice you for now.
"Yes. It's gone. Well, not entirely, but it's contained now. The host is suitable. Yes."
What is she talking about? The host? What hell is going on?
Heather listens for a second, sighs deeply and says
"Yes, Mr. Murray. Thank you."
She finishes the call and stands still for a moment. Her right hand brushes through the hair. almost clutching it. The left hand is on her waist. She stands for some time, the hand in her hair, mumbling something under her breath.
"Found anything?"
You act as if you weren't standing here for several minutes, eavesdropping on a conversation. Still, you're very aware of what it might mean. There's something else at play.
Heather quickly turns around, looking surprised.
"How long have you been standing here?"
"I just came out of the office, were you talking to someone? One of your contacts?"
"Yes, you might call them that. "
"So, any news? I managed to calm Sarah down, but she's still scared. She's absolutely new to all of this and doesn't understand what's going on."
"Yeah, I might have found something."
Heather fixes her hair for a moment and continues
"Well, let me explain something. There are indeed people who are like Sarah. Most of them are barely functional and are a danger to themselves and to people around them. I've heard of them, never seen one myself. My understanding is when we banished the specter, it was linked to her. Some of it's powers might have transferred to Sarah or unlocked her abilities - it's hard to say right now. One thing we have to understand - the more her emotional state is unstable, the more damage she will do. And I'm not talking about only the physical one. Her emotions are inherently contagious and can influence those around here if they stay long enough near her. She needs to learn how to control her emotions or there will be very unpleasant consequences to this."
This tracks with what you've found. The only thing you didn't know is that her emotions might affect others.
"Fine, what can we do to help her?"
Sarah looks at you intently, her eyes change color again from black to steel.
"I've made some calls. There are some people who can help us."
Oh, now you get it.
"So, is Sarah the "Host" ? You were feeding me bullshit since I woke up, Heather. You think I'm stupid or what?"
You feel your blood boiling. If it was anyone else, you would see where it goes. But not this time. This time it's personal.
"You need to stop speaking in riddles, Heather. I'm done being your little soldier. You're telling me everything now, or I'm using this"
You produce the dagger you took from the office. Heather's eyes widen, she seems shocked. Or scared.
"Where did you find this? Peter, you don't know what you're doing. I'm on your side."
"Judging how you didn't deny that you've done something to Sarah I must agree to disagree"
Heather exhales sharply and puts her hands up. She looks like she tries not to approach you.
"It was the only way in that situation. The wraith would've killed us all"
"So you made Sarah a walking telekinetic time bomb and then what?"
"I have connections. People I know actually can help her. Help her realize this new potential. Help her to learn to fight against the monsters."
"I'm sorry, have you asked her about this? If she wants this?"
"Whether she wants it or not - she's already a part of it. Stop and think for a second"
No, it's not right. Nobody should decide to randomly make people psychic and ruin their life.
"Oh, I'm thinking alright. You just decided on your own to deal with your little problem that already has killed three of your Hunters."
Heather becomes tense for a moment, her breathing's sharp.
"I've done what I could. I couldn't loose more people. I didn't wish to harm her, I can help her"
You hear a mechanical click.
You and Heather both turn around. You see Sarah, she's shaking.
She's pointing a gun in your direction, you're not sure who's her target.
Roll wits+awareness
3 successes
Description Meaning: Neatly Protective
Sarah has definitely heard your exchange. She's pointing a gun at Heather.
You are at the bookstore again. The sign on the door, predictably, says "Closed". Inside it looks like a small tornado hit the building: there are some cracks in the walls, books are scattered across the floor, some of them are damaged. You hope these are not important ones. The furniture is wrecked and scattered across the store as well. Heather hastily guides you to her office.

"Put her in the circle"

You look at Sarah reassuringly, telling her that it will be alright.

"Okay, here's the plan. It looks like Mr. Christian has awoken something in dear Sarah yesterday. Something dormant. It seems that it's some sort of psychic power that came loose after the possession. We need to find the cause and help Sarah to keep it at bay. Peter, you handle the research here, I'll see what I can find anything in the store."

And with that she leaves the room. Only you and Sarah are in the office right now.

You put a chair and a laptop in front of Sarah.

"Listen, it's better to keep yourself occupied than sitting here just thinking about what happened. I want to help you and maybe you will also find something worthwhile. While you're in this circle nothing bad will happen to you."

Is there anything wrong about the circle?

Unexpected random event: Activity Dispute

It seems odd though that this circle will keep Sarah's newfound power stable, rather convenient in your opinion.

Roll intelligence+occult

4 successes

Something doesn't add up. The day before you couldn't move while you were in the circle - this is either a trick to make Sarah obedient or something else entirely.

Roll wits+occult, difficulty is 4
1 success

You try and sense the atmosphere in the room, the air around the circle. No matter how hard you try, you can't see or sense anything out of the ordinary.

You need to be careful around here, something is going on. You try and think of the ways to protect Sarah if anything wrong happens.

Roll wits+investigation

4 successes

Objects: Creepy Bright

Objects: Equipment Rare

You find a dagger that looks ceremonial. It's handle is carved in symbols you don't recognize. The dagger emanates malice.

Magic item: Create Others

Is the skull in the office?

Exceptional No!

Is there anything else useful in the office?

Yes!

Object: Light New

Object: Lethal Equipment

Is that a gun?

Exceptional yes!

You rummage through Heather's table. Predictably, most of the drawers are locked, but the one you open contains something you didn't really expect.

It's a handgun.

It looks barely used, some sort of 9mm pistol.

Is there anything in the drawer?

Exceptional Yes!

Object: Small Moving

Object: Official Deactivated

There's some sort of device with insignia on it. You can try and remember if you have ever seen this symbol.

Is this a governmental insignia?

Yes

Roll intelligence+politics

3 successes

It looks vaguely familiar but you can't waste any more time trying to remember where you have seen this insignia.

You close the drawer, pocket the mysterious item and come up to Sarah.

You give her the gun.

"Listen, I know I said that we're safe here, but just in case. Do you know how to use it?"

"What do you mean 'Just in case' ? What's going on?"

You see the visible signs of concern and fear on Sarah's face. She isn't prepared at all for what might happen,

"I am not sure, but better be safe than sorry"

Sarah hesitates for a second and takes the gun from you. She looks at it for a second then hides it in her jacket.

Now you have some semblance of a contingency. You still have to figure out what happened to Sarah.

Roll resolve+academics

+1 superficial willpower damage

2 successes

You look through Heather's books trying to find anything that might describe what happened and how to deal with the current situation.

Cryptic message: Help Messy

Cryptic Message: Truce

Spell Effect: Undead Detect

Unfortunately, you don't find much: there are some mentions of latent psychic powers awakening in adults, though it's not clear on what the nature of this "awakening" is. You also find a mention of a ritual that can disable these powers. The description seems like a rather messy ritual requiring a sacrifice. You doubt Sarah would agree to nay of this.

Strangely, you find a mention of some people with psychic powers being able to detect undead. Useful, but not relevant.

Does Sarah find anything?

Yes!

Does her find describes how to control her powers?

Yes!

PUM:

Clue type: Public awareness, rumors, poster, film

Clue type: Personal item, distinctive markings

Suddenly you hear Sarah's voice

"Oh, I think I've found something!"

She shows you the excerpt from a book. The book is called "The Codex of Arcane Minds". The scan looks rather old.

The excerpt reads:

"In the depths of the human psyche lies the untapped potential for mastery over the unseen forces that govern our world. Through disciplined practice and unwavering dedication, one can unlock the dormant abilities of the mind, transcending the limitations of the physical realm.

To master the psychic powers is to embark on a journey of self-discovery and enlightenment. It begins with the cultivation of mental discipline, honing the mind to a razor-sharp focus capable of penetrating the veil that separates the material world from the realms of the unseen.

The first step on this path is the awakening of the Third Eye, the psychic center located within the brow chakra. Through meditation and introspection, one must learn to quiet the incessant chatter of the conscious mind and attune themselves to the subtle vibrations of the universe.

With the Third Eye open, the practitioner gains access to a realm of knowledge and insight beyond the comprehension of the uninitiated. They may perceive the auras of living beings, discern the thoughts and emotions of others, and even glimpse into the future with clarity and precision.

But mastery over the psychic powers is not without its dangers. The untrained mind is vulnerable to the chaotic energies that swirl through the cosmos, and those who wield their gifts recklessly may find themselves consumed by madness or corruption.

Thus, it is imperative that the seeker of arcane knowledge approach their studies with caution and humility. Only through discipline, diligence, and a profound respect for the mysteries of the mind can one hope to unlock the true potential of their psychic abilities and ascend to the pinnacle of enlightenment."

Does the excerpt contains any useful information?

Yes!

Roll intelligence+occult

4 successes

The text is mostly an enlightened babble, describing the endless possibilities of the human mind. You've seen this a thousand times: the fake books on "How to unlock your chakra and become happy" or any form of magical thinking - the manifestation of one's wishes.

One thing that piques your interest is the notion of psychic powers being connected to emotions. That is definitely the case since the first episode occurred when Sarah became angry. You also think that the wraith's anger might have done something to Sarah. These new powers, however fascinating they are, still a product of possession.

"Well, I think we have our first clue."

"Huh, I honestly thought this was a bunch of bullshit"

"Well, the most important information is often hidden between the lines. I think your new powers are connected to your emotions. Though we still have to understand how to keep you safe"

Sarah becomes less tense, the news of the progress - no matter how small, is comforting.

She's still dangerous to herself and to the others around her. You need to find away to make sure nobody gets hurt.

Did Heather find anything?

Yes

Did she find the reason Sarah unlocked her powers?

Yes

Does Heather know how to help Sarah?

Yes

You tell Sarah you need to consult Heather on her findings - or maybe she has also found something. Also you need to figure out what this whole magic circle inconsistency means.

You gently place your hand on Sarah's shoulder

"Everything's going to be fine. I promise."

She gives you a weak smile and then pulls out her phone.

You step outside the office, into the shop.

Is Heather talking to someone?

Yes

Conversations: Positive Awkward

Cryptic Message: Colorful Innocent

You see Heather talking on the phone to someone:

"Yes. No, Why… No, I don't…"

Roll dexterity+stealth

3 Successes

She doesn't seem to notice you for now.

"Yes. It's gone. Well, not entirely, but it's contained now. The host is suitable. Yes."

What is she talking about? The host? What hell is going on?

Heather listens for a second, sighs deeply and says

"Yes, Mr. Murray. Thank you."

She finishes the call and stands still for a moment. Her right hand brushes through the hair. almost clutching it. The left hand is on her waist. She stands for some time, the hand in her hair, mumbling something under her breath.

"Found anything?"

You act as if you weren't standing here for several minutes, eavesdropping on a conversation. Still, you're very aware of what it might mean. There's something else at play.

Heather quickly turns around, looking surprised.

"How long have you been standing here?"

"I just came out of the office, were you talking to someone? One of your contacts?"

"Yes, you might call them that. "

"So, any news? I managed to calm Sarah down, but she's still scared. She's absolutely new to all of this and doesn't understand what's going on."

"Yeah, I might have found something."

Heather fixes her hair for a moment and continues

"Well, let me explain something. There are indeed people who are like Sarah. Most of them are barely functional and are a danger to themselves and to people around them. I've heard of them, never seen one myself. My understanding is when we banished the specter, it was linked to her. Some of it's powers might have transferred to Sarah or unlocked her abilities - it's hard to say right now. One thing we have to understand - the more her emotional state is unstable, the more damage she will do. And I'm not talking about only the physical one. Her emotions are inherently contagious and can influence those around here if they stay long enough near her. She needs to learn how to control her emotions or there will be very unpleasant consequences to this."

This tracks with what you've found. The only thing you didn't know is that her emotions might affect others.

"Fine, what can we do to help her?"

Sarah looks at you intently, her eyes change color again from black to steel.

"I've made some calls. There are some people who can help us."

Oh, now you get it.

"So, is Sarah the "Host" ? You were feeding me bullshit since I woke up, Heather. You think I'm stupid or what?"

You feel your blood boiling. If it was anyone else, you would see where it goes. But not this time. This time it's personal.

"You need to stop speaking in riddles, Heather. I'm done being your little soldier. You're telling me everything now, or I'm using this"

You produce the dagger you took from the office. Heather's eyes widen, she seems shocked. Or scared.

"Where did you find this? Peter, you don't know what you're doing. I'm on your side."

"Judging how you didn't deny that you've done something to Sarah I must agree to disagree"

Heather exhales sharply and puts her hands up. She looks like she tries not to approach you.

"It was the only way in that situation. The wraith would've killed us all"

"So you made Sarah a walking telekinetic time bomb and then what?"

"I have connections. People I know actually can help her. Help her realize this new potential. Help her to learn to fight against the monsters."

"I'm sorry, have you asked her about this? If she wants this?"

"Whether she wants it or not - she's already a part of it. Stop and think for a second"

No, it's not right. Nobody should decide to randomly make people psychic and ruin their life.

"Oh, I'm thinking alright. You just decided on your own to deal with your little problem that already has killed three of your Hunters."

Heather becomes tense for a moment, her breathing's sharp.

"I've done what I could. I couldn't loose more people. I didn't wish to harm her, I can help her"

You hear a mechanical click.

You and Heather both turn around. You see Sarah, she's shaking.

She's pointing a gun in your direction, you're not sure who's her target.

Roll wits+awareness

3 successes

Description Meaning: Neatly Protective

Sarah has definitely heard your exchange. She's pointing a gun at Heather.

"Whether she wants it or not - she's already a part of it. Stop and think for a second"

No, it's not right. Nobody should decide to randomly make people psychic and ruin their life.

"Oh, I'm thinking alright. You just decided on your own to deal with your little problem that already has killed three of your Hunters."

Heather becomes tense for a moment, her breathing's sharp.

"I've done what I could. I couldn't loose more people. I didn't wish to harm her, I can help her"

You hear a mechanical click.

You and Heather both turn around. You see Sarah, she's shaking.

She's pointing a gun in your direction, you're not sure who's her target.

Roll wits+awareness

3 successes

Description Meaning: Neatly Protective

Sarah has definitely heard your exchange. She's pointing a gun at Heather.



